level0[0] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP ChunkId=NP compound
level0[1] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP ChunkId=NP case
level0[2] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP2 ChunkId=NP2 compound
level0[3] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2 ChunkId=NP2 case
level0[4] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4 ChunkId=NP4 case
level0[5] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6 ChunkId=NP6 case
level0[6] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7 ChunkId=NP7 compound
level0[7] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP8 ChunkId=NP8 case
level0[8] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP9 ChunkId=NP10 nmod
level0[9] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP10 ChunkId=NP10 amod
level0[10] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP10 ChunkId=NP10 case
level0[11] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK0 ChunkId=VGF0 punct
level0[12] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK0 ChunkId=NPK0 case
level0[13] :ADP VERB ChunkId=VGNN ChunkId=VGNN mark
level0[14] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3N ChunkId=NP3N case
level0[15] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP4N ChunkId=NP4N det
level0[16] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4N ChunkId=NP4N case
level0[17] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5N ChunkId=NP5N amod
level0[18] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKN ChunkId=VGFN punct
level0[19] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPKN ChunkId=NPKN nmod
level0[20] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPKN ChunkId=NPKN case
level0[21] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP2N ChunkId=NP2N punct
level0[22] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3N ChunkId=NP2N conj
level0[23] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPN ChunkId=NP2N cc
level0[24] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4N ChunkId=NP4N case
level0[25] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP4N ChunkId=NP4N dep
level0[26] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP5N ChunkId=NP5N det
level0[27] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5N ChunkId=NP5N case
level0[28] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6N ChunkId=NP6N amod
level0[29] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN ChunkId=NP6N cop
level0[30] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN ChunkId=NP6N punct
level0[31] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPKN ChunkId=NPKN amod
level0[32] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2N ChunkId=NP2N case
level0[33] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3N ChunkId=NP3N case
level0[34] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4N ChunkId=NP4N compound
level0[35] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP4N ChunkId=NP4N punct
level0[36] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5N ChunkId=NP4N conj
level0[37] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPN ChunkId=NP4N cc
level0[38] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6N ChunkId=NP4N conj
level0[39] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6N ChunkId=NP4N case
level0[40] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7N ChunkId=NP8N nmod
level0[41] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8N ChunkId=NP8N compound
level0[42] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8N ChunkId=NP8N case
level0[43] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP9N ChunkId=NP9N det
level0[44] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9N ChunkId=NP9N case
level0[45] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF1 ChunkId=VGF1 aux
level0[46] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK1 ChunkId=VGF1 punct
level0[47] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK1 ChunkId=NPK1 case
level0[48] :ADV DET ChunkId=NP21 ChunkId=NP21 advmod
level0[49] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP31 ChunkId=NP31 nmod
level0[50] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP31 ChunkId=NP31 case
level0[51] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF1 ChunkId=NP31 cop
level0[52] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK1 ChunkId=NP31 punct
level0[53] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP21 ChunkId=NP21 det
level0[54] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP31 ChunkId=NP31 nummod
level0[55] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP41 ChunkId=NP41 case
level0[56] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGF1 ChunkId=VGF1 punct
level0[57] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP51 ChunkId=VGF2 nmod
level0[58] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP61 ChunkId=NP61 amod
level0[59] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP71 ChunkId=NP71 compound
level0[60] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP71 ChunkId=NP71 case
level0[61] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP81 ChunkId=NP81 compound
level0[62] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP81 ChunkId=NP81 case
level0[63] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK2 ChunkId=VGF1 punct
level0[64] :VERB VERB ChunkId=VGF2 ChunkId=VGF2 vocative
level0[65] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPF2 ChunkId=VGF2 compound
level0[66] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK2 ChunkId=VGF2 punct
level0[67] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK2 ChunkId=NPK2 case
level0[68] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP22 ChunkId=NP22 case
level0[69] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP32 ChunkId=VGNF compound
level0[70] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGNF ChunkId=VGNF dep
level0[71] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4F ChunkId=NP4F amod
level0[72] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5F ChunkId=NP6F nmod
level0[73] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFF ChunkId=VGFF aux
level0[74] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKF ChunkId=VGFF punct
level0[75] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPKF ChunkId=NPKF case
level0[76] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2F ChunkId=NP2F amod
level0[77] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2F ChunkId=NP2F case
level0[78] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3F ChunkId=NP3F case
level0[79] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5F ChunkId=NP5F compound
level0[80] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5F ChunkId=NP5F case
level0[81] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPKF ChunkId=NPKF case
level0[82] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3F ChunkId=NP3F compound
level0[83] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3F ChunkId=NP3F case
level0[84] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGFF ChunkId=NP3F cop
level0[85] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=BLKF ChunkId=NP3F punct
level0[86] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPKF ChunkId=NPKF det
level0[87] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPKF ChunkId=NPKF case
level0[88] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4F ChunkId=NP4F case
level0[89] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGFF ChunkId=JJPF cop
level0[90] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLKF ChunkId=JJPF punct
level0[91] :ADV NOUN ChunkId=RBPF ChunkId=NP5F advmod
level0[92] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5F ChunkId=NP5F case
level0[93] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFF ChunkId=NP5F cop
level0[94] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKF ChunkId=NP5F punct
level0[95] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2F ChunkId=NP2F det
level0[96] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFF ChunkId=VGFF auxpass
level0[97] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGFF ChunkId=VGFF punct
level0[98] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP3F ChunkId=NP3F case
level0[99] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP4F ChunkId=NP4F det
level0[100] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF2 ChunkId=VGF2 auxpass
level0[101] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK2 ChunkId=VGFF punct
level0[102] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK2 ChunkId=NPK2 case
level0[103] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP22 ChunkId=NP22 amod
level0[104] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP32 ChunkId=NP32 nummod
level0[105] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2 ChunkId=NP32 cop
level0[106] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK2 ChunkId=NP32 punct
level0[107] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPK2 ChunkId=NPK2 case
level0[108] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP22 ChunkId=NP22 compound
level0[109] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP22 ChunkId=NP22 case
level0[110] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP32 ChunkId=NP32 amod
level0[111] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPK2 ChunkId=NPK2 dep
level0[112] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP32 ChunkId=NP32 compound
level0[113] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP32 ChunkId=NP32 case
level0[114] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP42 ChunkId=NP42 compound
level0[115] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP42 ChunkId=NP42 case
level0[116] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2 ChunkId=NP52 cop
level0[117] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK2 ChunkId=NP52 punct
level0[118] :ADV PROPN ChunkId=RBP2 ChunkId=NP32 nmod
level0[119] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPP2 ChunkId=NPP2 case
level0[120] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP32 ChunkId=NP32 case
level0[121] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGF2 ChunkId=NP32 cop
level0[122] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=BLK2 ChunkId=NP32 punct
level0[123] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPK2 ChunkId=NPK2 det
level0[124] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP22 ChunkId=NP22 det
level0[125] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=NP32 ChunkId=NP32 punct
level0[126] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP42 ChunkId=NP42 amod
level0[127] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGF2 ChunkId=VGF2 punct
level0[128] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2 ChunkId=NP22 cc
level0[129] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=NP62 ChunkId=NP62 punct
level0[130] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP72 ChunkId=VGF2 nsubj
level0[131] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP82 ChunkId=VGF2 compound
level0[132] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF2 ChunkId=VGF2 aux
level0[133] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP2 ChunkId=VGF2 cc
level0[134] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP92 ChunkId=VGF3 compound
level0[135] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF3 ChunkId=VGF3 aux
level0[136] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGF3 ChunkId=VGF3 punct
level0[137] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP10 ChunkId=NP22 conj
level0[138] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP3 ChunkId=NP22 cc
level0[139] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP11 ChunkId=NP22 conj
level0[140] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF4 ChunkId=JJP1 cop
level0[141] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP12 ChunkId=VGF5 nsubjpass
level0[142] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP2 ChunkId=VGF5 xcomp
level0[143] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF5 ChunkId=VGF5 auxpass
level0[144] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK5 ChunkId=JJP1 punct
level0[145] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPK5 ChunkId=NPK5 compound
level0[146] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK5 ChunkId=NPK5 case
level0[147] :PART ADJ ChunkId=NP2F ChunkId=NP2F dep
level0[148] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3F ChunkId=VGF2 nmod
level0[149] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK2 ChunkId=NP2F punct
level0[150] :ADV NOUN ChunkId=RBP2 ChunkId=NP32 nmod
level0[151] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPP2 ChunkId=NPP2 det
level0[152] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPP2 ChunkId=NPP2 amod
level0[153] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK2 ChunkId=NPK2 compound
level0[154] :DET ADV ChunkId=NP22 ChunkId=NP22 det
level0[155] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK2 ChunkId=NP22 nmod
level0[156] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP5N ChunkId=NP5N dep
level0[157] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGFN ChunkId=JJPN cop
level0[158] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLKN ChunkId=JJPN punct
level0[159] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPKN ChunkId=NPKN det
level0[160] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPKN ChunkId=NPKN dep
level0[161] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP2N ChunkId=NP2N dep
level0[162] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP2N ChunkId=NP2N dep
level0[163] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN ChunkId=VGNN xcomp
level0[164] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFN ChunkId=VGFN aux
level0[165] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPKN ChunkId=NPKN compound
level0[166] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPKN ChunkId=NPKN case
level0[167] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3N ChunkId=NP3N amod
level0[168] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKN ChunkId=NP2N nmod
level0[169] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP3N ChunkId=NP3N dep
level0[170] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN ChunkId=NP3N cop
level0[171] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN ChunkId=NP3N punct
level0[172] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPKN ChunkId=NP4N nsubj
level0[173] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP2N ChunkId=NP2N compound
level0[174] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2N ChunkId=NP2N case
level0[175] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN ChunkId=VGNN compound
level0[176] :ADP ADV ChunkId=VGNN ChunkId=VGNN case
level0[177] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4N ChunkId=NP4N compound
level0[178] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN ChunkId=NP4N cop
level0[179] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN ChunkId=NP4N punct
level0[180] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKN ChunkId=NP3N nmod
level0[181] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP2N ChunkId=NP3N nsubj
level0[182] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPKN ChunkId=NPKN compound
level0[183] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP3N ChunkId=NP3N nummod
level0[184] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4N ChunkId=NP5N nmod
level0[185] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN ChunkId=NP5N cc
level0[186] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6N ChunkId=NP5N conj
level0[187] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6N ChunkId=NP5N case
level0[188] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFN ChunkId=VGFN auxpass
level0[189] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2N ChunkId=NP2N det
level0[190] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN ChunkId=NP2N cc
level0[191] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4N ChunkId=VGFN dobj
level0[192] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFN ChunkId=VGFN auxpass
level0[193] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP4N ChunkId=NP4N case
level0[194] :VERB NUM ChunkId=VGFN ChunkId=NP5N cop
level0[195] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=BLKN ChunkId=NP5N punct
level0[196] :PART NUM ChunkId=NPKN ChunkId=NPKN dep
level0[197] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3N ChunkId=NP3N compound
level0[198] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN ChunkId=VGFN mark
level0[199] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPPN ChunkId=NPPN amod
level0[200] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPPN ChunkId=NPPN case
level0[201] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N ChunkId=VGFN nsubj
level0[202] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP4N ChunkId=NP4N dep
level0[203] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF2 ChunkId=JJP2 cop
level0[204] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK2 ChunkId=JJP2 punct
level0[205] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK2 ChunkId=NPK2 amod
level0[206] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP32 ChunkId=NP32 case
level0[207] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2 ChunkId=NP42 cop
level0[208] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK2 ChunkId=NP42 punct
level0[209] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK2 ChunkId=VGF2 nsubj
level0[210] :NOUN NUM ChunkId=NP22 ChunkId=NP32 nmod
level0[211] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP32 ChunkId=NP32 case
level0[212] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP42 ChunkId=NP52 nmod
level0[213] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP52 ChunkId=NP52 nummod
level0[214] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP52 ChunkId=NP52 case
level0[215] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP62 ChunkId=NP62 case
level0[216] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP22 ChunkId=NP22 nummod
level0[217] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP22 ChunkId=NP22 punct
level0[218] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP22 ChunkId=NP22 compound
level0[219] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP32 ChunkId=VGF2 nsubjpass
level0[220] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP42 ChunkId=NP42 det
level0[221] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP42 ChunkId=NP42 case
level0[222] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK2 ChunkId=NP22 punct
level0[223] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP42 ChunkId=NP42 nummod
level0[224] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP42 ChunkId=NP42 case
level0[225] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2 ChunkId=NP22 cop
level0[226] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK2 ChunkId=VGFF nmod
level0[227] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP22 ChunkId=NP22 punct
level0[228] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP32 ChunkId=NP32 punct
level0[229] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNF ChunkId=VGNF auxpass
level0[230] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP6F ChunkId=NP6F punct
level0[231] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP7F ChunkId=NP22 conj
level0[232] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=CCPF ChunkId=NP22 cc
level0[233] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP8F ChunkId=NP8F dep
level0[234] :PART ADP ChunkId=NPKF ChunkId=NPKF dep
level0[235] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPF ChunkId=NP2F cc
level0[236] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3F ChunkId=NP2F conj
level0[237] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5F ChunkId=NP5F amod
level0[238] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP5F ChunkId=NP5F dep
level0[239] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6F ChunkId=VGFN nmod
level0[240] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP2N ChunkId=NP2N nmod
level0[241] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP3N ChunkId=NP3N compound
level0[242] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN ChunkId=NP5N cop
level0[243] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN ChunkId=NP5N punct
level0[244] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=BLKN ChunkId=NPKN punct
level0[245] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2N ChunkId=NP2N amod
level0[246] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6N ChunkId=NP6N compound
level0[247] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGFN ChunkId=NP6N cop
level0[248] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=BLKN ChunkId=NP6N punct
level0[249] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP3F ChunkId=NP3F nummod
level0[250] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFF ChunkId=NP3F cop
level0[251] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKF ChunkId=NP3F punct
level0[252] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP2F ChunkId=NP2F nmod
level0[253] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP3F ChunkId=NP3F compound
level0[254] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP4F ChunkId=NP4F dep
level0[255] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFF ChunkId=NP4F cop
level0[256] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKF ChunkId=NP4F punct
level0[257] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKF ChunkId=NP2F nmod
level0[258] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP2F ChunkId=NP2F dep
level0[259] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP4F ChunkId=NP4F case
level0[260] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPKF ChunkId=NPKF compound
level0[261] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPKF ChunkId=VGFN nsubj
level0[262] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPF ChunkId=VGFN advmod
level0[263] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F ChunkId=VGNN dobj
level0[264] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP2N ChunkId=NP2N dep
level0[265] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP3N ChunkId=NP3N case
level0[266] :ADV DET ChunkId=JJPN ChunkId=JJPN advmod
level0[267] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP5F ChunkId=NP5F nummod
level0[268] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP2F ChunkId=NP2F compound
level0[269] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2F ChunkId=NP2F case
level0[270] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4F ChunkId=NP5F nmod
level0[271] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF ChunkId=VGFF xcomp
level0[272] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3F ChunkId=NP3F compound
level0[273] :PART ADV ChunkId=JJP2 ChunkId=JJP2 dep
level0[274] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPK2 ChunkId=NPK2 nmod
level0[275] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF ChunkId=NP4F cc
level0[276] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP5F ChunkId=NP5F case
level0[277] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=NP6F2 amod
level0[278] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=NP7F2 case
level0[279] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8F2 ChunkId=NP8F2 case
level0[280] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFF2 ChunkId=NP9F2 cop
level0[281] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKF2 ChunkId=NP9F2 punct
level0[282] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=NPKF2 compound
level0[283] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=NPKF2 case
level0[284] :ADP VERB ChunkId=VGNN2 ChunkId=VGNN2 mark
level0[285] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 case
level0[286] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NP3N2 case
level0[287] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFN2 ChunkId=VGFN2 auxpass
level0[288] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKN2 ChunkId=VGFN2 punct
level0[289] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=VGNN2 nmod
level0[290] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=NP2N2 cc
level0[291] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 conj
level0[292] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 case
level0[293] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NP3N2 dep
level0[294] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 case
level0[295] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=VGNF2 compound
level0[296] :DET ADJ ChunkId=JJPN2 ChunkId=JJPN2 det
level0[297] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFN2 ChunkId=VGFN2 aux
level0[298] :PART ADV ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=NPKN2 dep
level0[299] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 case
level0[300] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=JJP22 cc
level0[301] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP32 ChunkId=JJP22 conj
level0[302] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP432 ChunkId=NP432 case
level0[303] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP532 ChunkId=VGF32 nmod
level0[304] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF32 ChunkId=VGF32 aux
level0[305] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=VGF22 aux
level0[306] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=VGF32 mark
level0[307] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=VGF32 nsubj
level0[308] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP822 det
level0[309] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP822 case
level0[310] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP922 cc
level0[311] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=NP922 conj
level0[312] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=NP922 case
level0[313] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF32 ChunkId=VGF32 auxpass
level0[314] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK32 ChunkId=VGF22 punct
level0[315] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=NPK32 case
level0[316] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=NP232 compound
level0[317] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=NP232 case
level0[318] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP332 ChunkId=NP332 nmod
level0[319] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=JJP22 cop
level0[320] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=JJP22 punct
level0[321] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 compound
level0[322] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 case
level0[323] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2F2 ChunkId=NP2F2 det
level0[324] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2F2 ChunkId=NP2F2 case
level0[325] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=NP3F2 case
level0[326] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP4F2 compound
level0[327] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP4F2 case
level0[328] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=NP5F2 amod
level0[329] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=NP5F2 case
level0[330] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFF2 ChunkId=NP6F2 cop
level0[331] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKF2 ChunkId=NP6F2 punct
level0[332] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=NP2F2 nmod
level0[333] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP2F2 ChunkId=NP2F2 dep
level0[334] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=NP3F2 nmod
level0[335] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFF2 ChunkId=NP3F2 cop
level0[336] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKF2 ChunkId=NP3F2 punct
level0[337] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBPF2 ChunkId=VGFF2 advmod
level0[338] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKF2 ChunkId=VGFF2 punct
level0[339] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=JJPF2 nsubj
level0[340] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2F2 ChunkId=NP2F2 case
level0[341] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=NP3F2 nummod
level0[342] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=NP3F2 case
level0[343] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=NP5F2 compound
level0[344] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=NP5F2 case
level0[345] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGFF2 ChunkId=JJPF2 cop
level0[346] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLKF2 ChunkId=JJPF2 punct
level0[347] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=VGNN2 nmod
level0[348] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 advmod
level0[349] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 compound
level0[350] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NP3N2 compound
level0[351] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=NPKN2 case
level0[352] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 det
level0[353] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 punct
level0[354] :ADP ADP ChunkId=FRAGP ChunkId=FRAGP dislocated
level0[355] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5GP ChunkId=VGFGP nsubj
level0[356] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFGP ChunkId=VGFGP auxpass
level0[357] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKGP ChunkId=VGFGP punct
level0[358] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPKGP ChunkId=NPKGP case
level0[359] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2GP ChunkId=NP2GP case
level0[360] :PART DET ChunkId=NP3GP ChunkId=NP3GP dep
level0[361] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3GP ChunkId=NP3GP amod
level0[362] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3GP ChunkId=NP3GP case
level0[363] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4GP ChunkId=NP4GP case
level0[364] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGFGP ChunkId=JJPGP cop
level0[365] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLKGP ChunkId=JJPGP punct
level0[366] :PART ADP ChunkId=NPKGP ChunkId=NPKGP dep
level0[367] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2GP ChunkId=NP2GP case
level0[368] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP3GP ChunkId=NP3GP punct
level0[369] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4GP ChunkId=NP3GP conj
level0[370] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPGP ChunkId=NP3GP cc
level0[371] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5GP ChunkId=NP5GP case
level0[372] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6GP ChunkId=NP6GP amod
level0[373] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP6GP ChunkId=NP6GP dep
level0[374] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPGP ChunkId=NPKGP cc
level0[375] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2GP ChunkId=NPKGP conj
level0[376] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2GP ChunkId=NPKGP case
level0[377] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3GP ChunkId=NP3GP compound
level0[378] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3GP ChunkId=NP3GP case
level0[379] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP3GP ChunkId=NP3GP case
level0[380] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP3GP ChunkId=NP3GP dep
level0[381] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP2P ChunkId=JJPGP cc
level0[382] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP2P ChunkId=JJPGP conj
level0[383] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP42P ChunkId=NP42P case
level0[384] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP3P ChunkId=NP52P cc
level0[385] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGNNP ChunkId=NP52P conj
level0[386] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=VGNNP ChunkId=NP52P case
level0[387] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFNP ChunkId=VGFNP auxpass
level0[388] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKNP ChunkId=VGFNP punct
level0[389] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKNP ChunkId=VGFNP nmod
level0[390] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPKNP ChunkId=NPKNP case
level0[391] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2NP ChunkId=NP2NP case
level0[392] :ADP VERB ChunkId=VGNNP ChunkId=VGNNP mark
level0[393] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP3NP ChunkId=NP3NP det
level0[394] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3NP ChunkId=NP3NP case
level0[395] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4NP ChunkId=NP4NP amod
level0[396] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPNP ChunkId=VGFNP dobj
level0[397] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKNP ChunkId=VGNNP nmod
level0[398] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP2NP ChunkId=NP2NP punct
level0[399] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3NP ChunkId=NP3NP nmod
level0[400] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP3NP ChunkId=NP3NP punct
level0[401] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP4NP ChunkId=NP4NP nmod
level0[402] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPNP ChunkId=NP2NP cc
level0[403] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5NP ChunkId=NP5NP compound
level0[404] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5NP ChunkId=NP5NP case
level0[405] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPNP ChunkId=VGFNP compound
level0[406] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP2P ChunkId=VGF2P mark
level0[407] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP62P ChunkId=NP62P case
level0[408] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP72P ChunkId=VGF2P compound
level0[409] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF2P ChunkId=VGF2P auxpass
level0[410] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK2P ChunkId=VGFNP punct
level0[411] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPK2P ChunkId=NPK2P case
level0[412] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP22P ChunkId=NP22P compound
level0[413] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP32P ChunkId=NP32P compound
level0[414] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP32P ChunkId=NP32P case
level0[415] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP32P ChunkId=NP32P case
level0[416] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP2P ChunkId=VGF2P compound
level0[417] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF2P ChunkId=VGF2P aux
level0[418] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK2P ChunkId=VGF2P punct
level0[419] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP2P ChunkId=VGF2P nmod
level0[420] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPP2P ChunkId=NPP2P case
level0[421] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPP2P ChunkId=NPP2P dep
level0[422] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP22P ChunkId=NP22P dep
level0[423] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP32P ChunkId=VGF2P nsubj
level0[424] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NPK2P ChunkId=JJP2P nmod
level0[425] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP22P ChunkId=NP22P nmod
level0[426] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P ChunkId=NP22P cc
level0[427] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP32P ChunkId=NP32P nmod
level0[428] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF2P ChunkId=JJP2P cop
level0[429] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK2P ChunkId=JJP2P punct
level0[430] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP22P ChunkId=NP22P punct
level0[431] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP22P ChunkId=NP22P compound
level0[432] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP22P ChunkId=NP22P case
level0[433] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP32P ChunkId=NP32P case
level0[434] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP42P ChunkId=NP42P dep
level0[435] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P ChunkId=NP42P cop
level0[436] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK2P ChunkId=NP42P punct
level0[437] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P ChunkId=NPK2P amod
level0[438] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P ChunkId=NPK2P case
level0[439] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP22P ChunkId=NP22P det
level0[440] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P ChunkId=NPK2P compound
level0[441] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P ChunkId=NPK2P punct
level0[442] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP22P ChunkId=VGF2P nsubj
level0[443] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP42P ChunkId=NP42P amod
level0[444] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P ChunkId=NP42P cc
level0[445] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP52P ChunkId=NP52P compound
level0[446] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP22P ChunkId=NP22P compound
level0[447] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP22P ChunkId=NP22P punct
level0[448] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP32P ChunkId=NP32P punct
level0[449] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP52P ChunkId=VGF2P nsubj
level0[450] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P ChunkId=NP32P nsubj
level0[451] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P ChunkId=NP32P cop
level0[452] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK2P ChunkId=NP32P punct
level0[453] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P ChunkId=NP42P nmod
level0[454] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK2P ChunkId=VGNNP nmod
level0[455] :PRON PRON ChunkId=NP3NP ChunkId=NP3NP case
level0[456] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=NP3NP ChunkId=NP3NP punct
level0[457] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4NP ChunkId=NP4NP compound
level0[458] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFFP ChunkId=VGFFP auxpass
level0[459] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKFP ChunkId=VGFFP punct
level0[460] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPKFP ChunkId=NPKFP case
level0[461] :PART ADP ChunkId=NPKFP ChunkId=NPKFP dep
level0[462] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP2FP ChunkId=NP2FP advmod
level0[463] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2FP ChunkId=NP2FP case
level0[464] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3FP ChunkId=NP3FP nmod
level0[465] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKFP ChunkId=VGNNP nsubj
level0[466] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPFP ChunkId=VGNNP compound
level0[467] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2NP ChunkId=NP2NP amod
level0[468] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFNP ChunkId=VGFNP aux
level0[469] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPKNP ChunkId=NPKNP case
level0[470] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2NP ChunkId=NP2NP case
level0[471] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPNP ChunkId=NP3NP cc
level0[472] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4NP ChunkId=VGNNP nmod
level0[473] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP6NP ChunkId=NP6NP case
level0[474] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP7NP ChunkId=NP7NP det
level0[475] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP7NP ChunkId=NP7NP compound
level0[476] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7NP ChunkId=NP7NP case
level0[477] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP8F2 cc
level0[478] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP922 ChunkId=NP8F2 conj
level0[479] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP922 ChunkId=NP8F2 case
level0[480] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=NP102 case
level0[481] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP113 ChunkId=NP113 amod
level0[482] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP113 ChunkId=NP113 case
level0[483] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP13 ChunkId=VGNF4 compound
level0[484] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFF4 ChunkId=VGFF4 auxpass
level0[485] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKF4 ChunkId=VGFF4 punct
level0[486] :DET PRON ChunkId=NPKF4 ChunkId=NPKF4 det
level0[487] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPKF4 ChunkId=NPKF4 case
level0[488] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2F4 ChunkId=NP2F4 case
level0[489] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3F4 ChunkId=NP3F4 case
level0[490] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGFF4 ChunkId=VGFF4 punct
level0[491] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPF4 ChunkId=VGF22 advmod
level0[492] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6F4 ChunkId=NP6F4 case
level0[493] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNN4 ChunkId=VGNN4 aux
level0[494] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7N4 ChunkId=NP7N4 case
level0[495] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8N4 ChunkId=NP8N4 case
level0[496] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[497] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=VGFF4 punct
level0[498] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 case
level0[499] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 nummod
level0[500] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=VGF22 punct
level0[501] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=VGF32 nmod
level0[502] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 amod
level0[503] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 nummod
level0[504] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 case
level0[505] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP102 nsubj
level0[506] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP922 ChunkId=NP922 case
level0[507] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP102 cop
level0[508] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=VGF32 xcomp
level0[509] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP122 ChunkId=NP122 punct
level0[510] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP132 ChunkId=NP122 conj
level0[511] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP122 cc
level0[512] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP142 ChunkId=NP142 case
level0[513] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK32 ChunkId=NP422 punct
level0[514] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=NP332 nsubj
level0[515] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP332 ChunkId=NP332 advmod
level0[516] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGF32 ChunkId=VGF32 punct
level0[517] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP432 ChunkId=VGF22 dobj
level0[518] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP532 ChunkId=NP532 amod
level0[519] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP532 ChunkId=NP532 case
level0[520] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP632 ChunkId=NP632 amod
level0[521] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP632 ChunkId=NP632 case
level0[522] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=VGF22 auxpass
level0[523] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=NP332 punct
level0[524] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 det
level0[525] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 amod
level0[526] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 case
level0[527] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NPK22 cop
level0[528] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=NPK22 punct
level0[529] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[530] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 dep
level0[531] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 case
level0[532] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=VGF22 punct
level0[533] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 case
level0[534] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 case
level0[535] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 nummod
level0[536] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 amod
level0[537] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 compound
level0[538] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 case
level0[539] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[540] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=NP522 punct
level0[541] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 punct
level0[542] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP322 nsubj
level0[543] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 case
level0[544] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=RBP22 ChunkId=JJP22 advmod
level0[545] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK32 ChunkId=JJP22 punct
level0[546] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=NPK32 compound
level0[547] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=JJP32 cc
level0[548] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP22 ChunkId=JJP32 conj
level0[549] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=JJP32 cop
level0[550] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=JJP32 punct
level0[551] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NP222 nmod
level0[552] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 nummod
level0[553] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 amod
level0[554] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 compound
level0[555] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 nummod
level0[556] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 nummod
level0[557] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=JJP22 nsubj
level0[558] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=JJP22 ChunkId=JJP22 advmod
level0[559] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=NP222 punct
level0[560] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 compound
level0[561] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 case
level0[562] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP522 cop
level0[563] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP322 cop
level0[564] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=NP322 punct
level0[565] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=VGF22 nmod
level0[566] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=JJP22 nmod
level0[567] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP22 ChunkId=VGF22 advmod
level0[568] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPP22 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[569] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=VGF22 nmod
level0[570] :NUM VERB ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=VGF22 xcomp
level0[571] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 det
level0[572] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 case
level0[573] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 compound
level0[574] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP522 nmod
level0[575] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP22 ChunkId=JJP22 conj
level0[576] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 case
level0[577] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP722 compound
level0[578] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP722 cop
level0[579] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=NP722 punct
level0[580] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=VGNN2 nmod
level0[581] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 compound
level0[582] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNN2 ChunkId=VGNN2 auxpass
level0[583] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 dobj
level0[584] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 compound
level0[585] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 dep
level0[586] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 amod
level0[587] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NP3N2 case
level0[588] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 nmod
level0[589] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 compound
level0[590] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 case
level0[591] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 nmod
level0[592] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 case
level0[593] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=NP6N2 amod
level0[594] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=VGFN2 nsubj
level0[595] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=VGF22 mark
level0[596] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 compound
level0[597] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NP3N2 amod
level0[598] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 det
level0[599] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 case
level0[600] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=NP6N2 case
level0[601] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPN2 ChunkId=VGF22 advmod
level0[602] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=VGFN2 punct
level0[603] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=VGNF2 compound
level0[604] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNF2 ChunkId=VGNF2 aux
level0[605] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPF2 ChunkId=VGF22 mark
level0[606] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=NP6F2 nmod
level0[607] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=NP7F2 case
level0[608] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP8F2 ChunkId=NP8F2 amod
level0[609] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9F2 ChunkId=NP9F2 case
level0[610] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[611] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=VGF22 cc
level0[612] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=NP112 compound
level0[613] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=NP112 case
level0[614] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP132 ChunkId=NP132 case
level0[615] :VERB PRON ChunkId=VGF32 ChunkId=NP132 cop
level0[616] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK32 ChunkId=VGFF2 punct
level0[617] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=NP232 nmod
level0[618] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP32 ChunkId=VGF32 xcomp
level0[619] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK32 ChunkId=VGF32 punct
level0[620] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=NP232 case
level0[621] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF32 ChunkId=NP332 cop
level0[622] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK32 ChunkId=NP332 punct
level0[623] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=VGF32 nmod
level0[624] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP32 ChunkId=VGF32 compound
level0[625] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=VGFN2 nsubj
level0[626] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP332 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[627] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=VGNN2 cc
level0[628] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[629] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 dep
level0[630] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=VGFF2 nsubj
level0[631] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=VGNF2 compound
level0[632] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP4F2 case
level0[633] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=NP6F2 case
level0[634] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=NP7F2 compound
level0[635] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP9F2 ChunkId=NP102 nmod
level0[636] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=NP112 compound
level0[637] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=VGFF2 punct
level0[638] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=VGFN2 nmod
level0[639] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 case
level0[640] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 compound
level0[641] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGNN2 ChunkId=VGNN2 neg
level0[642] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 compound
level0[643] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGFN2 ChunkId=VGFN2 punct
level0[644] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=VGFN2 cc
level0[645] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=NP7N2 amod
level0[646] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=NP7N2 case
level0[647] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8N2 ChunkId=NP8N2 case
level0[648] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=NP102 amod
level0[649] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[650] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 dep
level0[651] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=VGF22 mark
level0[652] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=VGF22 nmod
level0[653] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 amod
level0[654] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 compound
level0[655] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 case
level0[656] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP522 nmod
level0[657] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP822 nmod
level0[658] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP122 ChunkId=VGF32 nsubj
level0[659] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=NP332 nmod
level0[660] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=NP232 dep
level0[661] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=VGF22 mark
level0[662] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=VGF22 nmod
level0[663] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP332 ChunkId=NP332 case
level0[664] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP432 ChunkId=VGF22 iobj
level0[665] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=VGF32 nsubj
level0[666] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 punct
level0[667] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 case
level0[668] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP722 nmod
level0[669] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP722 case
level0[670] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP822 compound
level0[671] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP922 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[672] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=JJP32 nmod
level0[673] :NOUN ADJ ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=JJP32 nsubj
level0[674] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=RBP32 ChunkId=JJP32 advmod
level0[675] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF32 ChunkId=JJP32 cop
level0[676] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK32 ChunkId=JJP32 punct
level0[677] :PART PRON ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=NPK32 dep
level0[678] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=VGF32 nsubj
level0[679] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP332 ChunkId=NP332 nummod
level0[680] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=VGF32 cc
level0[681] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP432 ChunkId=NP432 amod
level0[682] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP532 ChunkId=NP532 case
level0[683] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=VGF32 punct
level0[684] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP422 nmod
level0[685] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP22 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[686] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 det
level0[687] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 compound
level0[688] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[689] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN2 ChunkId=VGF22 dobj
level0[690] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 case
level0[691] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP322 cc
level0[692] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[693] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=VGF22 advmod
level0[694] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[695] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=VGF22 nmod
level0[696] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[697] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[698] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP722 case
level0[699] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP822 case
level0[700] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=VGF22 nmod
level0[701] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[702] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=VGF32 dobj
level0[703] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP922 ChunkId=VGF32 compound
level0[704] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=NPK32 nmod
level0[705] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=NPK32 case
level0[706] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP332 ChunkId=NP332 compound
level0[707] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP432 ChunkId=NP432 compound
level0[708] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP532 ChunkId=NP532 case
level0[709] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP632 ChunkId=NP632 compound
level0[710] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP632 ChunkId=NP632 compound
level0[711] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP632 ChunkId=NP632 case
level0[712] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP732 ChunkId=NP732 case
level0[713] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=NPK32 det
level0[714] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=NPK32 amod
level0[715] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=JJP32 nmod
level0[716] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP332 ChunkId=NP332 case
level0[717] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP532 ChunkId=NP532 compound
level0[718] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=VGF22 neg
level0[719] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=NPK32 punct
level0[720] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 nmod
level0[721] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 case
level0[722] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP22 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[723] :ADP ADV ChunkId=VGNN2 ChunkId=VGNN2 case
level0[724] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 nsubj
level0[725] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 amod
level0[726] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=NP6N2 nmod
level0[727] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NPK22 cc
level0[728] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NPK22 conj
level0[729] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NPK22 case
level0[730] :ADV VERB ChunkId=VGNN2 ChunkId=VGNN2 mark
level0[731] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 nummod
level0[732] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=VGFN2 cc
level0[733] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP922 ChunkId=NP922 case
level0[734] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP102 cc
level0[735] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=NP112 case
level0[736] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP32 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[737] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[738] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 compound
level0[739] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=VGF22 nmod
level0[740] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP722 amod
level0[741] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[742] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP922 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[743] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPP22 ChunkId=NPP22 det
level0[744] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP822 dep
level0[745] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=NP9N2 case
level0[746] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=NP112 case
level0[747] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=VGF22 auxpass
level0[748] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 amod
level0[749] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 compound
level0[750] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP322 cc
level0[751] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP322 conj
level0[752] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP322 case
level0[753] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=NP6N2 compound
level0[754] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 compound
level0[755] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=NPKN2 case
level0[756] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NP3N2 nummod
level0[757] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NP3N2 compound
level0[758] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=NP7N2 nmod
level0[759] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 amod
level0[760] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFF2 ChunkId=VGFF2 aux
level0[761] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=NPKF2 case
level0[762] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFF2 ChunkId=NP2F2 cop
level0[763] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP4F2 advmod
level0[764] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP4F2 amod
level0[765] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=NP6F2 case
level0[766] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=NP8F2 nmod
level0[767] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9F2 ChunkId=VGNF2 compound
level0[768] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=JJP02 cc
level0[769] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP22 ChunkId=JJP02 conj
level0[770] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=NP2F2 punct
level0[771] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=VGFF2 nmod
level0[772] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGNF2 ChunkId=VGNF2 neg
level0[773] :PRON PRON ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=NP222 nmod
level0[774] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF2 ChunkId=VGNF2 compound
level0[775] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNF2 ChunkId=VGNF2 auxpass
level0[776] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2F2 ChunkId=NP3F2 nmod
level0[777] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=VGF22 nmod
level0[778] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP8N2 ChunkId=NP8N2 nummod
level0[779] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP8N2 ChunkId=NP8N2 dep
level0[780] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 nummod
level0[781] :ADJ ADV ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 amod
level0[782] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 nmod
level0[783] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=NP6N2 dep
level0[784] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=NP9N2 amod
level0[785] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN2 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[786] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 compound
level0[787] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=VGNF2 compound
level0[788] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF2 ChunkId=NP7N2 mark
level0[789] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=NP7N2 det
level0[790] :PUNCT SCONJ ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=CCP22 punct
level0[791] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPP22 ChunkId=NPP22 amod
level0[792] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPP22 ChunkId=NPP22 case
level0[793] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGNN2 ChunkId=VGNN2 dep
level0[794] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP3N2 nmod
level0[795] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NP3N2 amod
level0[796] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=NPKN2 amod
level0[797] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 nsubj
level0[798] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 case
level0[799] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 compound
level0[800] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=NPKN2 det
level0[801] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 nummod
level0[802] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NP3N2 dep
level0[803] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN2 ChunkId=VGFN2 compound
level0[804] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=NPKN2 nummod
level0[805] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=NP2N2 nmod
level0[806] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=VGFF2 nsubj
level0[807] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF2 ChunkId=NP152 mark
level0[808] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP9F2 ChunkId=NP9F2 punct
level0[809] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP9F2 cc
level0[810] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=NP112 amod
level0[811] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP122 cc
level0[812] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP132 ChunkId=NP122 conj
level0[813] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP132 ChunkId=NP122 case
level0[814] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP142 ChunkId=NP142 compound
level0[815] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP152 ChunkId=NP152 amod
level0[816] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP152 cop
level0[817] :PUNCT CONJ ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=CCP22 punct
level0[818] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPP22 ChunkId=NPP22 case
level0[819] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 dep
level0[820] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN2 ChunkId=NP5N2 cop
level0[821] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN2 ChunkId=NP5N2 punct
level0[822] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPPN2 ChunkId=NPPN2 case
level0[823] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN2 ChunkId=NP4N2 cop
level0[824] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN2 ChunkId=NP4N2 punct
level0[825] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 amod
level0[826] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=NP6N2 nummod
level0[827] :SCONJ NUM ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP422 mark
level0[828] :PRON NUM ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP422 nsubj
level0[829] :ADV NUM ChunkId=RBP22 ChunkId=NP422 advmod
level0[830] :CONJ NUM ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP422 cc
level0[831] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 dep
level0[832] :VERB NUM ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP422 cop
level0[833] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=NP422 punct
level0[834] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=JJPN2 nmod
level0[835] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 det
level0[836] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP422 cc
level0[837] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP422 conj
level0[838] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=RBP22 ChunkId=JJPN2 advmod
level0[839] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGFN2 ChunkId=JJPN2 cop
level0[840] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLKN2 ChunkId=JJPN2 punct
level0[841] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=NPKN2 case
level0[842] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 nmod
level0[843] :PUNCT ADV ChunkId=RBPN2 ChunkId=RBPN2 punct
level0[844] :ADV ADV ChunkId=RBPN2 ChunkId=RBPN2 compound
level0[845] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 amod
level0[846] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NP3N2 det
level0[847] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 dep
level0[848] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 compound
level0[849] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 amod
level0[850] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 nmod
level0[851] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 nmod
level0[852] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 punct
level0[853] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP822 amod
level0[854] :VERB NUM ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP922 cop
level0[855] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=NP922 punct
level0[856] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2F2 ChunkId=NP2F2 compound
level0[857] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=NP3F2 compound
level0[858] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP4F2 compound
level0[859] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[860] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=NP6N2 punct
level0[861] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=NP7N2 case
level0[862] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 compound
level0[863] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 nmod
level0[864] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=NP6N2 compound
level0[865] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=NP7N2 compound
level0[866] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP8N2 ChunkId=NP8N2 amod
level0[867] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=NPKN2 compound
level0[868] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 punct
level0[869] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 conj
level0[870] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 case
level0[871] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 compound
level0[872] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=NPKN2 punct
level0[873] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NPKN2 conj
level0[874] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=NPKN2 cc
level0[875] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NPKN2 case
level0[876] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 nmod
level0[877] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 compound
level0[878] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFN2 ChunkId=VGFN2 auxpass
level0[879] :ADV DET ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 advmod
level0[880] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 dobj
level0[881] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 conj
level0[882] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NP3N2 punct
level0[883] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP3N2 conj
level0[884] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=NP3N2 cc
level0[885] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP3N2 conj
level0[886] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP3N2 case
level0[887] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=JJPN2 cc
level0[888] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP22 ChunkId=JJPN2 conj
level0[889] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=NPKN2 nmod
level0[890] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=VGF22 dobj
level0[891] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP722 det
level0[892] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP622 cc
level0[893] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP622 conj
level0[894] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP622 case
level0[895] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=VGF22 iobj
level0[896] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBPN2 ChunkId=VGF22 advmod
level0[897] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8N2 ChunkId=NP8N2 compound
level0[898] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP332 ChunkId=VGF32 compound
level0[899] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP532 ChunkId=NP532 det
level0[900] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP632 ChunkId=NP732 nmod
level0[901] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP732 ChunkId=NP732 compound
level0[902] :PRON PRON ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP322 nmod
level0[903] :CONJ PRON ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP322 cc
level0[904] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 compound
level0[905] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 case
level0[906] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPP22 ChunkId=NPP22 nmod
level0[907] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 amod
level0[908] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP522 cc
level0[909] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP632 ChunkId=NP732 nmod
level0[910] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP732 ChunkId=NP732 det
level0[911] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP732 ChunkId=NP732 amod
level0[912] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP832 ChunkId=NP832 case
level0[913] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP832 ChunkId=NP832 dep
level0[914] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP932 ChunkId=NP932 case
level0[915] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=NPK32 punct
level0[916] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=NP232 compound
level0[917] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP432 ChunkId=NP432 det
level0[918] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP432 ChunkId=NP432 dep
level0[919] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=NPKN2 compound
level0[920] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=NPKN2 dep
level0[921] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 det
level0[922] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPPN2 ChunkId=NPPN2 det
level0[923] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPPN2 ChunkId=NPPN2 case
level0[924] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 punct
level0[925] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP222 conj
level0[926] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP222 cc
level0[927] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP432 ChunkId=NP222 case
level0[928] :PART DET ChunkId=NP532 ChunkId=NP532 dep
level0[929] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP632 ChunkId=VGF22 nmod
level0[930] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP732 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[931] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 dep
level0[932] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 dep
level0[933] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 dep
level0[934] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 dep
level0[935] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPF22 ChunkId=NPF22 case
level0[936] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[937] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 nsubj
level0[938] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 case
level0[939] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=VGFN2 nmod
level0[940] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 dep
level0[941] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 mark
level0[942] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=VGF22 advmod
level0[943] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 dep
level0[944] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=VGFGP mark
level0[945] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[946] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 punct
level0[947] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP ChunkId=NP4N2 dislocated
level0[948] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP7GP ChunkId=NP7GP dep
level0[949] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7GP ChunkId=NP7GP case
level0[950] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPGP ChunkId=VGFGP compound
level0[951] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPNP ChunkId=VGF22 mark
level0[952] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP2NP ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[953] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3NP ChunkId=NP3NP case
level0[954] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P ChunkId=NP4NP cc
level0[955] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP52P ChunkId=NP52P compound
level0[956] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP52P ChunkId=NP52P case
level0[957] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP62P ChunkId=NP4NP case
level0[958] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP72P ChunkId=NP72P case
level0[959] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=VGF22 cc
level0[960] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=NP102 case
level0[961] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=NP112 det
level0[962] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF32 ChunkId=VGF32 neg
level0[963] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK32 ChunkId=VGFNP punct
level0[964] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP332 ChunkId=NP332 case
level0[965] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP432 cc
level0[966] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP532 ChunkId=NP432 conj
level0[967] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP532 ChunkId=NP432 case
level0[968] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP632 ChunkId=VGF32 compound
level0[969] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=VGF32 cc
level0[970] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP722 case
level0[971] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP722 dep
level0[972] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP822 dep
level0[973] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP822 amod
level0[974] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[975] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[976] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN2 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[977] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=VGF33 nmod
level0[978] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 dep
level0[979] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP922 nmod
level0[980] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP23 ChunkId=VGNN3 cc
level0[981] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP103 ChunkId=VGNN3 conj
level0[982] :ADP VERB ChunkId=NP103 ChunkId=VGNN3 mark
level0[983] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF33 ChunkId=VGF33 aux
level0[984] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK33 ChunkId=VGFN2 punct
level0[985] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK33 ChunkId=NPK33 compound
level0[986] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP233 ChunkId=NP233 punct
level0[987] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP ChunkId=NPK33 dislocated
level0[988] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4GP ChunkId=NP4GP compound
level0[989] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4GP ChunkId=NP3GP case
level0[990] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5GP ChunkId=NP5GP amod
level0[991] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5GP ChunkId=NP5GP compound
level0[992] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5GP ChunkId=NP5GP case
level0[993] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P ChunkId=NP6GP cc
level0[994] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP72P ChunkId=NP72P amod
level0[995] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP72P ChunkId=NP72P compound
level0[996] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP8NP ChunkId=NP8NP amod
level0[997] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPKNP ChunkId=NPKNP case
level0[998] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2NP ChunkId=NP2NP nummod
level0[999] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3NP ChunkId=NP3NP amod
level0[1000] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3NP ChunkId=NP3NP compound
level0[1001] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP4NP ChunkId=NP4NP punct
level0[1002] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPNP ChunkId=NP4NP cc
level0[1003] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP5NP ChunkId=NP5NP punct
level0[1004] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5NP ChunkId=NP5NP compound
level0[1005] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP5NP ChunkId=NP5NP punct
level0[1006] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5NP ChunkId=NP5NP case
level0[1007] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPNP ChunkId=VGNNP compound
level0[1008] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6NP ChunkId=NP6NP case
level0[1009] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 case
level0[1010] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 nummod
level0[1011] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP5N2 cc
level0[1012] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 compound
level0[1013] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP922 ChunkId=NP922 det
level0[1014] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=VGF32 mark
level0[1015] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP122 ChunkId=NP122 case
level0[1016] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK32 ChunkId=VGFN2 punct
level0[1017] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=VGF32 nsubj
level0[1018] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=NP232 case
level0[1019] :SCONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP432 mark
level0[1020] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP622 nsubj
level0[1021] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 compound
level0[1022] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP622 cop
level0[1023] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 amod
level0[1024] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=VGF22 dobj
level0[1025] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=NP2N2 cc
level0[1026] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 case
level0[1027] :CONJ NUM ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=NP5N2 cc
level0[1028] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=NP6N2 nummod
level0[1029] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=NP6N2 punct
level0[1030] :PUNCT PUNCT ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=NP6N2 punct
level0[1031] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=VGFN2 mark
level0[1032] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPPN2 ChunkId=VGFN2 nsubj
level0[1033] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[1034] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[1035] :X VERB ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[1036] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NP3N2 punct
level0[1037] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=NP3N2 cc
level0[1038] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=NP6N2 det
level0[1039] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=NP8N2 nmod
level0[1040] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP22 ChunkId=VGNF2 compound
level0[1041] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=NP3F2 amod
level0[1042] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=NP3F2 compound
level0[1043] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 punct
level0[1044] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[1045] :PART PRON ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 dep
level0[1046] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=JJPF2 nsubj
level0[1047] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=NP6F2 compound
level0[1048] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=NPKF2 amod
level0[1049] :VERB VERB ChunkId=VGNF2 ChunkId=VGFF2 advmod
level0[1050] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 compound
level0[1051] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPF2 ChunkId=VGFF2 cc
level0[1052] :ADJ ADV ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=NPK32 amod
level0[1053] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP32 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[1054] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=NP8N2 nmod
level0[1055] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=NP7N2 nmod
level0[1056] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=VGF12 compound
level0[1057] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK12 ChunkId=VGF12 punct
level0[1058] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK12 ChunkId=VGF12 nsubj
level0[1059] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP212 ChunkId=VGF12 compound
level0[1060] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP12 ChunkId=VGF32 mark
level0[1061] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP312 ChunkId=NP312 case
level0[1062] :DET PRON ChunkId=NP412 ChunkId=NP412 det
level0[1063] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK32 ChunkId=VGF12 punct
level0[1064] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=NP5F2 compound
level0[1065] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP622 cc
level0[1066] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP732 ChunkId=NP622 conj
level0[1067] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP732 ChunkId=NP622 case
level0[1068] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP42 ChunkId=VGF32 cc
level0[1069] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP122 ChunkId=NP132 nmod
level0[1070] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF42 ChunkId=VGF42 neg
level0[1071] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK42 ChunkId=VGFF2 punct
level0[1072] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK42 ChunkId=VGF42 nsubj
level0[1073] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP42 ChunkId=VGF22 mark
level0[1074] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP242 ChunkId=NP242 compound
level0[1075] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP242 ChunkId=NP242 case
level0[1076] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP342 ChunkId=NP342 case
level0[1077] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP442 ChunkId=NP442 amod
level0[1078] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP442 ChunkId=NP442 case
level0[1079] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP442 ChunkId=NP442 dep
level0[1080] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP542 ChunkId=NP542 case
level0[1081] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP642 ChunkId=NP642 det
level0[1082] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP642 ChunkId=NP642 case
level0[1083] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=VGF42 punct
level0[1084] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[1085] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 case
level0[1086] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=NP7N2 case
level0[1087] :ADP VERB ChunkId=VGNN3 ChunkId=VGNN3 mark
level0[1088] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9N3 ChunkId=NP9N3 case
level0[1089] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP103 ChunkId=VGF03 compound
level0[1090] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK03 ChunkId=VGF03 punct
level0[1091] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP03 ChunkId=VGF03 cc
level0[1092] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPP03 ChunkId=VGF03 nsubj
level0[1093] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP23 ChunkId=VGF23 mark
level0[1094] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP223 ChunkId=VGF23 nsubj
level0[1095] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP323 ChunkId=NP323 case
level0[1096] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP23 ChunkId=VGNN3 acl
level0[1097] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNN3 ChunkId=VGNN3 auxpass
level0[1098] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP23 ChunkId=VGF23 dobj
level0[1099] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF23 ChunkId=VGF23 neg
level0[1100] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK23 ChunkId=VGF03 punct
level0[1101] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK23 ChunkId=NPK23 case
level0[1102] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2N3 ChunkId=NP3N3 nmod
level0[1103] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3N3 ChunkId=NP3N3 case
level0[1104] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP4F3 ChunkId=NP4F3 nmod
level0[1105] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5F3 ChunkId=NP5F3 compound
level0[1106] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5F3 ChunkId=NP5F3 case
level0[1107] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGFF3 ChunkId=VGFF3 punct
level0[1108] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP6F3 ChunkId=NP6F3 nmod
level0[1109] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7F3 ChunkId=NP7F3 compound
level0[1110] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7F3 ChunkId=NP7F3 case
level0[1111] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8F3 ChunkId=NP8F3 case
level0[1112] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP9F3 ChunkId=NP9F3 dep
level0[1113] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF23 ChunkId=NP103 cop
level0[1114] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK23 ChunkId=VGFF3 punct
level0[1115] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP223 ChunkId=NP223 det
level0[1116] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP223 ChunkId=NP223 case
level0[1117] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP323 ChunkId=NP323 case
level0[1118] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF23 ChunkId=VGF23 aux
level0[1119] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK23 ChunkId=VGF23 punct
level0[1120] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK23 ChunkId=VGF23 nsubj
level0[1121] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP223 ChunkId=NP223 compound
level0[1122] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP323 ChunkId=VGNF3 compound
level0[1123] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4F3 ChunkId=NP4F3 compound
level0[1124] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4F3 ChunkId=NP4F3 case
level0[1125] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF3 ChunkId=VGF23 compound
level0[1126] :PART CONJ ChunkId=CCP23 ChunkId=CCP23 dep
level0[1127] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP623 ChunkId=VGF33 dobj
level0[1128] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP723 ChunkId=NP723 case
level0[1129] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF33 ChunkId=VGF33 auxpass
level0[1130] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK33 ChunkId=VGF23 punct
level0[1131] :ADJ ADV ChunkId=NPK33 ChunkId=NPK33 amod
level0[1132] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP233 ChunkId=NP233 case
level0[1133] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP333 ChunkId=NP333 amod
level0[1134] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP433 ChunkId=NP433 compound
level0[1135] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP433 ChunkId=NP433 case
level0[1136] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP33 ChunkId=NP122 mark
level0[1137] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP533 ChunkId=NP533 case
level0[1138] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP23 ChunkId=NP633 cc
level0[1139] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNF3 ChunkId=VGNF3 auxpass
level0[1140] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8F3 ChunkId=NP9F3 nmod
level0[1141] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9F3 ChunkId=NP9F3 case
level0[1142] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP122 cop
level0[1143] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=VGF33 punct
level0[1144] :PART ADP ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 dep
level0[1145] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=VGFN2 nsubj
level0[1146] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[1147] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[1148] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=VGF32 nsubj
level0[1149] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=VGF42 mark
level0[1150] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP932 ChunkId=VGF42 nsubj
level0[1151] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=VGF42 xcomp
level0[1152] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF42 ChunkId=VGF42 aux
level0[1153] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK42 ChunkId=VGFN2 punct
level0[1154] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK42 ChunkId=NPK42 compound
level0[1155] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK42 ChunkId=NPK42 case
level0[1156] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP242 ChunkId=NP242 case
level0[1157] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP342 ChunkId=NP342 case
level0[1158] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 nsubj
level0[1159] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF2 ChunkId=VGFF2 compound
level0[1160] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFF2 ChunkId=VGFF2 auxpass
level0[1161] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPF2 ChunkId=NPKF2 cc
level0[1162] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2F2 ChunkId=NP2F2 compound
level0[1163] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2F2 ChunkId=NPKF2 case
level0[1164] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 nmod
level0[1165] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=NP5F2 nummod
level0[1166] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=NP6F2 nummod
level0[1167] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=NP7F2 case
level0[1168] :ADJ ADV ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=NPKF2 amod
level0[1169] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=JJPF2 ChunkId=NP3F2 amod
level0[1170] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP4F2 nummod
level0[1171] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP4F2 amod
level0[1172] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPF2 ChunkId=NP5F2 cc
level0[1173] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=VGNF2 iobj
level0[1174] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=NP7F2 case
level0[1175] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8F2 ChunkId=VGNF2 compound
level0[1176] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP9F2 ChunkId=NP9F2 case
level0[1177] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=VGF12 dobj
level0[1178] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP22 ChunkId=VGF12 acl
level0[1179] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF12 ChunkId=VGF12 aux
level0[1180] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPK12 ChunkId=NPK12 punct
level0[1181] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK12 ChunkId=NPK12 case
level0[1182] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP212 ChunkId=NP212 case
level0[1183] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 dobj
level0[1184] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPF2 ChunkId=VGFF2 advmod
level0[1185] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 acl
level0[1186] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCPF2 ChunkId=JJPF2 mark
level0[1187] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP4F2 det
level0[1188] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=JJPF2 cop
level0[1189] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=JJP22 ChunkId=NP422 amod
level0[1190] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=NP4N2 mark
level0[1191] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPPN2 ChunkId=NPPN2 nmod
level0[1192] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 amod
level0[1193] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP4N2 cc
level0[1194] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8N2 ChunkId=NP8N2 mark
level0[1195] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPF22 ChunkId=NPF22 case
level0[1196] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=VGFF2 nmod
level0[1197] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=NP6F2 compound
level0[1198] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP8F2 ChunkId=NP8F2 amod
level0[1199] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=NP102 case
level0[1200] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=NP112 nummod
level0[1201] :PRON DET ChunkId=NP122 ChunkId=JJP52 nsubj
level0[1202] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP132 ChunkId=NP142 nmod
level0[1203] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP142 ChunkId=NP142 nummod
level0[1204] :NUM DET ChunkId=NP152 ChunkId=JJP52 advmod
level0[1205] :VERB DET ChunkId=VGF32 ChunkId=JJP52 cop
level0[1206] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP232 cc
level0[1207] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP432 ChunkId=NP432 compound
level0[1208] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP432 ChunkId=NP432 case
level0[1209] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP632 ChunkId=NP632 nmod
level0[1210] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP832 ChunkId=NP832 nmod
level0[1211] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP932 ChunkId=NP932 compound
level0[1212] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP932 ChunkId=NP932 case
level0[1213] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF02 ChunkId=VGF02 aux
level0[1214] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK02 ChunkId=VGF02 punct
level0[1215] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK02 ChunkId=VGFN2 nmod
level0[1216] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP202 ChunkId=NP202 case
level0[1217] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP402 ChunkId=NP402 case
level0[1218] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP402 ChunkId=NP402 case
level0[1219] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NPKN2 case
level0[1220] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP5N2 case
level0[1221] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP422 cc
level0[1222] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFF2 ChunkId=VGFF2 auxpass
level0[1223] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=NPKF2 case
level0[1224] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPF2 ChunkId=NP2F2 cc
level0[1225] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=NP2F2 conj
level0[1226] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=NPKF2 case
level0[1227] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=NP3F2 punct
level0[1228] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPF2 ChunkId=NP3F2 cc
level0[1229] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=NP5F2 nmod
level0[1230] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP3F2 cc
level0[1231] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=VGF02 compound
level0[1232] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP02 ChunkId=JJP22 cc
level0[1233] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPP02 ChunkId=NPP02 compound
level0[1234] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPP02 ChunkId=NPP02 case
level0[1235] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NPP02 ChunkId=NPP02 case
level0[1236] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP202 ChunkId=NP202 det
level0[1237] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP202 ChunkId=NP202 case
level0[1238] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP302 ChunkId=NP302 compound
level0[1239] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP302 cc
level0[1240] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP222 cc
level0[1241] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 det
level0[1242] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP322 mark
level0[1243] :ADV NOUN ChunkId=RBP22 ChunkId=NP322 advmod
level0[1244] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 dep
level0[1245] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NPK22 conj
level0[1246] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=VGF32 nmod
level0[1247] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP532 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[1248] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=NP7F2 dep
level0[1249] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGNF2 ChunkId=VGNF2 dep
level0[1250] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP322 nmod
level0[1251] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=VGF22 dobj
level0[1252] :SCONJ PRON ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP5N2 mark
level0[1253] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP222 cc
level0[1254] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP222 conj
level0[1255] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP632 ChunkId=VGF32 nsubj
level0[1256] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP832 ChunkId=VGF32 compound
level0[1257] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=NPK32 compound
level0[1258] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=NPK32 compound
level0[1259] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=NP332 nmod
level0[1260] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP722 mark
level0[1261] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP432 cc
level0[1262] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP432 conj
level0[1263] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP432 case
level0[1264] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP722 nsubj
level0[1265] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP722 cc
level0[1266] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP832 ChunkId=NP722 conj
level0[1267] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=VGF22 dobj
level0[1268] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPP22 ChunkId=VGF22 dobj
level0[1269] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=VGF22 acl
level0[1270] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 dep
level0[1271] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 punct
level0[1272] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP322 cc
level0[1273] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP432 ChunkId=NP322 conj
level0[1274] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 det
level0[1275] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=NP232 compound
level0[1276] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP332 ChunkId=NP332 det
level0[1277] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP532 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[1278] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP722 punct
level0[1279] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP722 conj
level0[1280] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP932 ChunkId=NP722 conj
level0[1281] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 punct
level0[1282] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 conj
level0[1283] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP4N2 conj
level0[1284] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP932 mark
level0[1285] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP832 ChunkId=NP832 det
level0[1286] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP832 ChunkId=NP832 case
level0[1287] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=VGF42 nsubj
level0[1288] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP42 ChunkId=NP112 cc
level0[1289] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP122 ChunkId=NP122 amod
level0[1290] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP122 ChunkId=NP112 case
level0[1291] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP132 ChunkId=NP132 case
level0[1292] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP52 ChunkId=NP132 cc
level0[1293] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP442 ChunkId=VGF42 compound
level0[1294] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK42 ChunkId=VGF42 punct
level0[1295] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP42 ChunkId=VGF42 compound
level0[1296] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF42 ChunkId=VGF42 auxpass
level0[1297] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP242 ChunkId=NP342 nmod
level0[1298] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP42 ChunkId=VGF42 mark
level0[1299] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 mark
level0[1300] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[1301] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP732 ChunkId=VGF32 nsubj
level0[1302] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP42 ChunkId=NP832 cc
level0[1303] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP942 ChunkId=NP832 conj
level0[1304] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP52 ChunkId=VGF42 mark
level0[1305] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=VGF42 dobj
level0[1306] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP122 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[1307] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP22 ChunkId=VGF42 compound
level0[1308] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF42 ChunkId=VGF42 auxpass
level0[1309] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPK42 ChunkId=NPK42 det
level0[1310] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP242 ChunkId=VGF42 nsubj
level0[1311] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP342 ChunkId=NP342 nsubj
level0[1312] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP42 ChunkId=NP342 cc
level0[1313] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP442 ChunkId=NP342 conj
level0[1314] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP442 ChunkId=NP342 case
level0[1315] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP542 ChunkId=NP542 amod
level0[1316] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP542 ChunkId=NP542 case
level0[1317] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP242 ChunkId=NP242 det
level0[1318] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP342 ChunkId=NP442 nmod
level0[1319] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP542 cc
level0[1320] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP542 conj
level0[1321] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP542 case
level0[1322] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=VGFF2 dobj
level0[1323] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 dobj
level0[1324] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGFF2 ChunkId=VGFF2 neg
level0[1325] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=NP3F2 compound
level0[1326] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 dobj
level0[1327] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=VGFF2 nsubj
level0[1328] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPF2 ChunkId=VGF22 advmod
level0[1329] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[1330] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP622 nmod
level0[1331] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[1332] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[1333] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP222 cop
level0[1334] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP222 case
level0[1335] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 nmod
level0[1336] :PRON PRON ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP3N2 nmod
level0[1337] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=VGFN2 nsubj
level0[1338] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPN2 ChunkId=VGFN2 nmod
level0[1339] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 dep
level0[1340] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 amod
level0[1341] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 conj
level0[1342] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=NP5F2 det
level0[1343] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=NP6F2 det
level0[1344] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP2F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 nmod
level0[1345] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=NP3F2 dep
level0[1346] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 dobj
level0[1347] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF2 ChunkId=VGFF2 xcomp
level0[1348] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPPF2 ChunkId=NPPF2 compound
level0[1349] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPPF2 ChunkId=NPPF2 case
level0[1350] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP8N2 ChunkId=NP8N2 compound
level0[1351] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP8N2 ChunkId=NP8N2 case
level0[1352] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 punct
level0[1353] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 compound
level0[1354] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[1355] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[1356] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 nmod
level0[1357] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 dobj
level0[1358] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 dep
level0[1359] :PART NUM ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=NPKN2 dep
level0[1360] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP8N2 ChunkId=NP8N2 case
level0[1361] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN2 ChunkId=VGF22 acl
level0[1362] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=VGFF2 cc
level0[1363] :PUNCT SCONJ ChunkId=CCPF2 ChunkId=CCPF2 punct
level0[1364] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP722 compound
level0[1365] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[1366] :CONJ PRON ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP4N2 cc
level0[1367] :PROPN PRON ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP4N2 conj
level0[1368] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP4N2 case
level0[1369] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBP22 ChunkId=VGF22 advmod
level0[1370] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NPP22 cc
level0[1371] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NPP22 conj
level0[1372] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NP222 nmod
level0[1373] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 dep
level0[1374] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP8F2 ChunkId=NP8F2 compound
level0[1375] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP8F2 ChunkId=NP8F2 compound
level0[1376] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP8F2 ChunkId=NP8F2 case
level0[1377] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP8F2 ChunkId=NP8F2 case
level0[1378] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP102 cc
level0[1379] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP122 ChunkId=NP102 case
level0[1380] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP32 ChunkId=VGF22 advmod
level0[1381] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[1382] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 compound
level0[1383] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=NP4N2 cc
level0[1384] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 case
level0[1385] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP6N2 cc
level0[1386] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=VGFF2 nsubj
level0[1387] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 compound
level0[1388] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF2 ChunkId=NP3F2 cc
level0[1389] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP4F2 dep
level0[1390] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=NPKF2 nummod
level0[1391] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP5F2 nmod
level0[1392] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=NP7F2 compound
level0[1393] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 compound
level0[1394] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NPPF2 cc
level0[1395] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NPPF2 case
level0[1396] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP732 ChunkId=NP732 case
level0[1397] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP02 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[1398] :DET ADV ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 det
level0[1399] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=VGF42 mark
level0[1400] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP222 nmod
level0[1401] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[1402] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=VGF32 nsubj
level0[1403] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=NP102 nmod
level0[1404] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=VGF32 compound
level0[1405] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP122 ChunkId=VGF42 nmod
level0[1406] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP132 ChunkId=VGF42 nmod
level0[1407] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP142 ChunkId=NP152 nmod
level0[1408] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP152 ChunkId=NP152 case
level0[1409] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK42 ChunkId=VGF22 punct
level0[1410] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPK42 ChunkId=NPK42 punct
level0[1411] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK42 ChunkId=NPK42 case
level0[1412] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP342 ChunkId=NP342 nmod
level0[1413] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP442 ChunkId=NP442 case
level0[1414] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP542 ChunkId=NP542 compound
level0[1415] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP642 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[1416] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP742 ChunkId=NP742 compound
level0[1417] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP742 cc
level0[1418] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP822 nmod
level0[1419] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP922 ChunkId=NP922 compound
level0[1420] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=NP2N2 mark
level0[1421] :PART DET ChunkId=JJPN2 ChunkId=JJPN2 dep
level0[1422] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP22 ChunkId=JJP22 cc
level0[1423] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP2N2 cop
level0[1424] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 punct
level0[1425] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 nmod
level0[1426] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP422 case
level0[1427] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=VGF02 nsubj
level0[1428] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP8N2 ChunkId=NP8N2 det
level0[1429] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP02 ChunkId=VGF02 compound
level0[1430] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK02 ChunkId=NPK02 compound
level0[1431] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK02 ChunkId=NPK02 case
level0[1432] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP202 ChunkId=NP202 compound
level0[1433] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP02 ChunkId=NP6N2 mark
level0[1434] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP302 ChunkId=NP6N2 nsubj
level0[1435] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP402 ChunkId=NP402 amod
level0[1436] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP402 ChunkId=NP402 case
level0[1437] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP502 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[1438] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP02 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[1439] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP6N2 cop
level0[1440] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=VGF02 punct
level0[1441] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[1442] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[1443] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[1444] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPPN2 ChunkId=NPPN2 compound
level0[1445] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=JJPN2 punct
level0[1446] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 case
level0[1447] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=JJP32 mark
level0[1448] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=JJP32 nmod
level0[1449] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=JJP22 mark
level0[1450] :NOUN ADJ ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=JJP22 nsubj
level0[1451] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=VGF22 iobj
level0[1452] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP922 ChunkId=NP922 amod
level0[1453] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[1454] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP22 ChunkId=VGF22 dobj
level0[1455] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP942 ChunkId=NP832 case
level0[1456] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK32 ChunkId=NP322 punct
level0[1457] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=NP7F2 nummod
level0[1458] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=NP9N2 det
level0[1459] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NP322 nmod
level0[1460] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP822 nummod
level0[1461] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 nmod
level0[1462] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=JJP22 ChunkId=NP722 amod
level0[1463] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP822 punct
level0[1464] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP822 case
level0[1465] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP922 ChunkId=NP922 case
level0[1466] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=NP6N2 amod
level0[1467] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP722 amod
level0[1468] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[1469] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPP32 ChunkId=NPP32 nmod
level0[1470] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPP32 ChunkId=NPP32 punct
level0[1471] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPP32 ChunkId=NPP32 case
level0[1472] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP332 cc
level0[1473] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP332 conj
level0[1474] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJP22 ChunkId=VGNF2 nmod
level0[1475] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=NP7F2 dep
level0[1476] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8F2 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[1477] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=VGF22 nmod
level0[1478] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=NPKF2 nmod
level0[1479] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=NPKF2 punct
level0[1480] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2F2 ChunkId=NP2F2 amod
level0[1481] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 nsubj
level0[1482] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=NP7F2 det
level0[1483] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP9F2 ChunkId=NP9F2 nummod
level0[1484] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[1485] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[1486] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[1487] :DET ADV ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 det
level0[1488] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 case
level0[1489] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=NP6F2 punct
level0[1490] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=NP7F2 case
level0[1491] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF2 ChunkId=NP2F2 cc
level0[1492] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP22 ChunkId=VGNN2 advmod
level0[1493] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=NP7N2 dep
level0[1494] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8N2 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[1495] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=NP9N2 case
level0[1496] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=VGF22 dobj
level0[1497] :SCONJ PART ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NEGP2 mark
level0[1498] :PRON PART ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NEGP2 nsubj
level0[1499] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKP2 ChunkId=VGF22 punct
level0[1500] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKP2 ChunkId=VGFP2 nsubj
level0[1501] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPP2 ChunkId=VGF22 mark
level0[1502] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP2P2 ChunkId=NP2P2 nmod
level0[1503] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2P2 ChunkId=NP2P2 case
level0[1504] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3P2 ChunkId=NP3P2 amod
level0[1505] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3P2 ChunkId=NP3P2 compound
level0[1506] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3P2 ChunkId=NP3P2 case
level0[1507] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4P2 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[1508] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF32 ChunkId=VGF32 auxpass
level0[1509] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK32 ChunkId=VGFP2 punct
level0[1510] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=NP232 amod
level0[1511] :PUNCT DET ChunkId=NP732 ChunkId=NP732 punct
level0[1512] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP732 ChunkId=NP732 punct
level0[1513] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=VGF32 dobj
level0[1514] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=VGF32 compound
level0[1515] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP532 ChunkId=NP532 nsubj
level0[1516] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=VGF32 dobj
level0[1517] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP22 ChunkId=VGF32 compound
level0[1518] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=VGF32 nsubj
level0[1519] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=JJP32 mark
level0[1520] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP332 ChunkId=NP332 amod
level0[1521] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP432 ChunkId=NP432 nummod
level0[1522] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[1523] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=VGF22 xcomp
level0[1524] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP4F2 punct
level0[1525] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=NP7F2 nmod
level0[1526] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK12 ChunkId=VGF12 nsubj
level0[1527] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP212 ChunkId=NP212 nmod
level0[1528] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP312 ChunkId=NP312 compound
level0[1529] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP412 ChunkId=NP412 case
level0[1530] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK12 ChunkId=NPK12 case
level0[1531] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP312 ChunkId=NP312 nmod
level0[1532] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP412 ChunkId=NP512 nmod
level0[1533] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP612 ChunkId=NP612 compound
level0[1534] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP612 ChunkId=NP612 punct
level0[1535] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP712 ChunkId=NP712 compound
level0[1536] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP712 ChunkId=NP712 compound
level0[1537] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP12 ChunkId=NP612 cc
level0[1538] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP812 ChunkId=NP812 compound
level0[1539] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP812 ChunkId=NP612 case
level0[1540] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP12 ChunkId=VGF12 advmod
level0[1541] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGF12 ChunkId=VGF12 punct
level0[1542] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP212 ChunkId=NP212 det
level0[1543] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP312 ChunkId=NP312 case
level0[1544] :PART VERB ChunkId=NEGP2 ChunkId=VGF32 nmod
level0[1545] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPP2 ChunkId=VGF32 compound
level0[1546] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=VGF22 dobj
level0[1547] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP22 ChunkId=VGF22 nmod
level0[1548] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 punct
level0[1549] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[1550] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8N2 ChunkId=NP9N2 nmod
level0[1551] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBP32 ChunkId=VGF32 advmod
level0[1552] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPP32 ChunkId=VGF32 nsubj
level0[1553] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[1554] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP332 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[1555] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPF2 ChunkId=VGF32 mark
level0[1556] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=VGF32 nmod
level0[1557] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=VGF32 nsubj
level0[1558] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP132 ChunkId=NP132 case
level0[1559] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP422 mark
level0[1560] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP232 cc
level0[1561] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP422 cop
level0[1562] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP422 cc
level0[1563] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP532 ChunkId=VGF32 nsubj
level0[1564] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP432 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[1565] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP532 ChunkId=NP632 nmod
level0[1566] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=JJP32 ChunkId=NP232 amod
level0[1567] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP4F2 aux
level0[1568] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP4F2 compound
level0[1569] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 compound
level0[1570] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF2 ChunkId=NP112 mark
level0[1571] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=NP6F2 amod
level0[1572] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP832 ChunkId=NP832 nummod
level0[1573] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP832 ChunkId=NP832 amod
level0[1574] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP932 ChunkId=NP932 dep
level0[1575] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP112 cop
level0[1576] :ADJ ADV ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 amod
level0[1577] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 mark
level0[1578] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 compound
level0[1579] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=NP122 mark
level0[1580] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=NP6N2 case
level0[1581] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=NP7N2 compound
level0[1582] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=NP9N2 compound
level0[1583] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=NP102 dep
level0[1584] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 compound
level0[1585] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 case
level0[1586] :PUNCT ADV ChunkId=VGNN2 ChunkId=VGNN2 punct
level0[1587] :NOUN ADV ChunkId=VGNN2 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[1588] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP5F2 cc
level0[1589] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=NP112 nmod
level0[1590] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP122 ChunkId=NP122 det
level0[1591] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP12 ChunkId=VGF12 compound
level0[1592] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK12 ChunkId=NP212 nmod
level0[1593] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP412 ChunkId=VGNF2 nmod
level0[1594] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=VGFN2 nsubj
level0[1595] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGFN2 ChunkId=VGFN2 neg
level0[1596] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 nmod
level0[1597] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP6N2 nmod
level0[1598] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=NP6N2 mark
level0[1599] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 punct
level0[1600] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 nmod
level0[1601] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 nmod
level0[1602] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 amod
level0[1603] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP3N2 case
level0[1604] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 nsubj
level0[1605] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=NP7N2 advmod
level0[1606] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=VGFN2 compound
level0[1607] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[1608] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=NP5F2 amod
level0[1609] :PRON PRON ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP922 nsubj
level0[1610] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP922 ChunkId=NP922 dep
level0[1611] :VERB PRON ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP922 cop
level0[1612] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=VGFN2 nsubj
level0[1613] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPP22 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[1614] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNN2 ChunkId=VGNN2 aux
level0[1615] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 nmod
level0[1616] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2F2 ChunkId=VGFN2 nsubj
level0[1617] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=VGNN2 nmod
level0[1618] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPN2 ChunkId=VGFN2 advmod
level0[1619] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 nsubj
level0[1620] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN2 ChunkId=NP3N2 cop
level0[1621] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN2 ChunkId=NP3N2 punct
level0[1622] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=NP7F2 amod
level0[1623] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=VGF22 nmod
level0[1624] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8F2 ChunkId=VGF22 dobj
level0[1625] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 case
level0[1626] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[1627] :SCONJ PRON ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=NP2N2 mark
level0[1628] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPPN2 ChunkId=NPPN2 dep
level0[1629] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 dep
level0[1630] :VERB PRON ChunkId=VGFN2 ChunkId=NP2N2 cop
level0[1631] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP322 cc
level0[1632] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP432 ChunkId=NP432 nmod
level0[1633] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP532 ChunkId=NP532 nmod
level0[1634] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=NP2N2 punct
level0[1635] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=NP6N2 punct
level0[1636] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=NP7N2 punct
level0[1637] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP8N2 ChunkId=NP8N2 punct
level0[1638] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=NP9N2 punct
level0[1639] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=NP102 compound
level0[1640] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=NP102 punct
level0[1641] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=NP112 punct
level0[1642] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP122 ChunkId=NP122 compound
level0[1643] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP122 ChunkId=NP122 punct
level0[1644] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP132 ChunkId=NP132 compound
level0[1645] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP132 ChunkId=NP132 punct
level0[1646] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP142 ChunkId=NP142 punct
level0[1647] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP152 ChunkId=NP152 compound
level0[1648] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP152 ChunkId=NP152 punct
level0[1649] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP162 ChunkId=NP162 compound
level0[1650] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP62 ChunkId=NP4N2 cc
level0[1651] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP172 ChunkId=NP172 compound
level0[1652] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP182 ChunkId=NP182 case
level0[1653] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP192 ChunkId=NP192 det
level0[1654] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP192 ChunkId=NP192 case
level0[1655] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP202 ChunkId=NP202 amod
level0[1656] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK02 ChunkId=NPK02 amod
level0[1657] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=VGNN2 nsubj
level0[1658] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7N3 ChunkId=VGFN3 compound
level0[1659] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFN3 ChunkId=VGFN3 aux
level0[1660] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKN3 ChunkId=VGFN3 punct
level0[1661] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN3 ChunkId=VGFF3 cc
level0[1662] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPPN3 ChunkId=NPPN3 case
level0[1663] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3F3 ChunkId=NP4F3 nmod
level0[1664] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4F3 ChunkId=NP4F3 case
level0[1665] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5F3 ChunkId=NP5F3 case
level0[1666] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6F3 ChunkId=NP6F3 case
level0[1667] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7F3 ChunkId=NP7F3 case
level0[1668] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP23 ChunkId=VGFF3 cc
level0[1669] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP823 ChunkId=NP823 case
level0[1670] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=NP102 punct
level0[1671] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=NP102 compound
level0[1672] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=VGFF3 punct
level0[1673] :ADP ADV ChunkId=RBP22 ChunkId=RBP22 case
level0[1674] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=NPKN2 dep
level0[1675] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 compound
level0[1676] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=NP9N2 punct
level0[1677] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=NP9N2 compound
level0[1678] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=VGF22 nmod
level0[1679] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP132 ChunkId=NP132 amod
level0[1680] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP142 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[1681] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 punct
level0[1682] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 compound
level0[1683] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[1684] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 nmod
level0[1685] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[1686] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 compound
level0[1687] :NOUN ADV ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 case
level0[1688] :PUNCT ADV ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 punct
level0[1689] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=VGNF2 compound
level0[1690] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP8F2 ChunkId=NP8F2 nmod
level0[1691] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=VGF72 nmod
level0[1692] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP4N2 cc
level0[1693] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP132 ChunkId=NP132 case
level0[1694] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP142 ChunkId=NP142 compound
level0[1695] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP142 ChunkId=NP142 case
level0[1696] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP152 cc
level0[1697] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP162 ChunkId=NP162 compound
level0[1698] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP72 ChunkId=VGF72 compound
level0[1699] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF72 ChunkId=VGF72 auxpass
level0[1700] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK72 ChunkId=VGF72 punct
level0[1701] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPK72 ChunkId=VGF72 nsubjpass
level0[1702] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP272 ChunkId=NP272 case
level0[1703] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK72 ChunkId=NPK72 case
level0[1704] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NPK72 ChunkId=NPK72 dep
level0[1705] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP372 ChunkId=NP372 case
level0[1706] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF72 ChunkId=VGF72 aux
level0[1707] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPK72 ChunkId=NPK72 compound
level0[1708] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP72 ChunkId=VGF22 mark
level0[1709] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP372 ChunkId=NP372 case
level0[1710] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP472 ChunkId=NP472 nmod
level0[1711] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP472 ChunkId=NP472 case
level0[1712] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP572 ChunkId=NP572 case
level0[1713] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP672 ChunkId=NP672 compound
level0[1714] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=VGF72 punct
level0[1715] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP722 compound
level0[1716] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP722 punct
level0[1717] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP822 compound
level0[1718] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP152 ChunkId=NP152 case
level0[1719] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP722 cc
level0[1720] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP172 ChunkId=NP172 case
level0[1721] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP182 ChunkId=NP182 compound
level0[1722] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP182 ChunkId=NP182 case
level0[1723] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP192 ChunkId=NP192 amod
level0[1724] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP192 ChunkId=NP192 dep
level0[1725] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP202 ChunkId=NP202 compound
level0[1726] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP202 ChunkId=NP202 punct
level0[1727] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=NP622 punct
level0[1728] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=VGF22 dobj
level0[1729] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP622 cc
level0[1730] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP932 ChunkId=NP932 compound
level0[1731] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP932 ChunkId=NP932 dep
level0[1732] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=NP102 compound
level0[1733] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[1734] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP332 ChunkId=NP332 dep
level0[1735] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 amod
level0[1736] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP222 case
level0[1737] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP722 dep
level0[1738] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP722 case
level0[1739] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=NP3F2 det
level0[1740] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=NPKF2 compound
level0[1741] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 dobj
level0[1742] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP4F2 nmod
level0[1743] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP9F2 ChunkId=NP9F2 compound
level0[1744] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP922 mark
level0[1745] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP622 cc
level0[1746] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP922 cop
level0[1747] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF2 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[1748] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN2 ChunkId=NP6N2 cop
level0[1749] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN2 ChunkId=NP6N2 punct
level0[1750] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=VGFN2 nsubj
level0[1751] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=JJPN2 ChunkId=NP2N2 amod
level0[1752] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[1753] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 dobj
level0[1754] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 nmod
level0[1755] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=NP3N2 nmod
level0[1756] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN2 ChunkId=NP2N2 cop
level0[1757] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=VGNF2 dobj
level0[1758] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=NP6F2 dep
level0[1759] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=VGF22 dobj
level0[1760] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF2 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[1761] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=NP2N2 punct
level0[1762] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 punct
level0[1763] :ADP VERB ChunkId=VGNN3 ChunkId=VGNN2 mark
level0[1764] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN3 ChunkId=NP9N3 cop
level0[1765] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN3 ChunkId=NP9N3 punct
level0[1766] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPKN3 ChunkId=NPKN3 case
level0[1767] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2N3 ChunkId=NP2N3 case
level0[1768] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP2N3 ChunkId=NP2N3 dep
level0[1769] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP3N3 ChunkId=VGFN3 nsubj
level0[1770] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP4N3 ChunkId=NP4N3 nummod
level0[1771] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP4N3 ChunkId=NP4N3 punct
level0[1772] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5N3 ChunkId=NP5N3 compound
level0[1773] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP5N3 ChunkId=NP5N3 punct
level0[1774] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6N3 ChunkId=NP6N3 compound
level0[1775] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPN3 ChunkId=NP5N3 cc
level0[1776] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7N3 ChunkId=NP7N3 compound
level0[1777] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN3 ChunkId=VGFN3 compound
level0[1778] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPKN3 ChunkId=NPKN3 compound
level0[1779] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPKN3 ChunkId=NPKN3 case
level0[1780] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP2N3 ChunkId=NP2N3 amod
level0[1781] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP3N3 ChunkId=NP3N3 nummod
level0[1782] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4N3 ChunkId=NP4N3 compound
level0[1783] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFN3 ChunkId=VGFN3 auxpass
level0[1784] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN3 ChunkId=VGFN3 nsubj
level0[1785] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2N3 ChunkId=NP2N3 amod
level0[1786] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJPN3 ChunkId=VGNN3 compound
level0[1787] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4N3 ChunkId=NP4N3 case
level0[1788] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5N3 ChunkId=NP5N3 amod
level0[1789] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN3 ChunkId=VGF23 mark
level0[1790] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP23 ChunkId=NP2N3 cc
level0[1791] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP323 ChunkId=NP323 compound
level0[1792] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP323 ChunkId=NP323 punct
level0[1793] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP423 ChunkId=NP423 case
level0[1794] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP523 ChunkId=NP523 amod
level0[1795] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP523 ChunkId=NP523 case
level0[1796] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP623 ChunkId=NP623 compound
level0[1797] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP623 ChunkId=NP623 case
level0[1798] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP723 ChunkId=NP723 nummod
level0[1799] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP723 ChunkId=NP723 case
level0[1800] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJP23 ChunkId=VGNN3 compound
level0[1801] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF23 ChunkId=VGF23 auxpass
level0[1802] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK23 ChunkId=VGFN3 punct
level0[1803] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPK23 ChunkId=NPK23 compound
level0[1804] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=NP223 ChunkId=NP223 punct
level0[1805] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN3 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[1806] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=VGF22 nmod
level0[1807] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=JJPN2 ChunkId=JJPN2 punct
level0[1808] :NOUN ADJ ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=JJPN2 conj
level0[1809] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=JJPN2 cc
level0[1810] :ADP ADJ ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=JJPN2 case
level0[1811] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP22 ChunkId=VGFN2 nmod
level0[1812] :PART DET ChunkId=NPP22 ChunkId=NPP22 dep
level0[1813] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPP22 ChunkId=NPP22 nummod
level0[1814] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=VGF23 mark
level0[1815] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=VGNN2 cc
level0[1816] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=NP9N2 punct
level0[1817] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=NP9N2 dep
level0[1818] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK23 ChunkId=VGFN2 punct
level0[1819] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP23 ChunkId=JJP23 cc
level0[1820] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP23 ChunkId=JJP23 conj
level0[1821] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP223 ChunkId=NP223 dep
level0[1822] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP323 ChunkId=NP323 dep
level0[1823] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP323 ChunkId=NP323 amod
level0[1824] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK23 ChunkId=NP423 punct
level0[1825] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK23 ChunkId=NPK23 case
level0[1826] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP223 ChunkId=NP223 compound
level0[1827] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP323 ChunkId=NP323 nummod
level0[1828] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGF23 ChunkId=VGF23 punct
level0[1829] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP23 ChunkId=VGF23 cc
level0[1830] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP423 ChunkId=NP423 case
level0[1831] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP523 ChunkId=NP523 nummod
level0[1832] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK33 ChunkId=NPK33 amod
level0[1833] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK33 ChunkId=NPK33 case
level0[1834] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP233 ChunkId=NP233 compound
level0[1835] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP233 ChunkId=NP233 case
level0[1836] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP333 ChunkId=NP333 compound
level0[1837] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP333 ChunkId=NP333 case
level0[1838] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N3 ChunkId=VGFN3 compound
level0[1839] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFN3 ChunkId=VGFN3 auxpass
level0[1840] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGFN3 ChunkId=VGFN3 punct
level0[1841] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6N3 ChunkId=VGF23 nmod
level0[1842] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP7N3 ChunkId=NP7N3 amod
level0[1843] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7N3 ChunkId=NP7N3 case
level0[1844] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8N3 ChunkId=NP8N3 case
level0[1845] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP9N3 ChunkId=NP9N3 det
level0[1846] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP23 ChunkId=VGFN3 cc
level0[1847] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP103 ChunkId=NP103 amod
level0[1848] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP113 ChunkId=NP113 nummod
level0[1849] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP113 ChunkId=NP113 dep
level0[1850] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK33 ChunkId=VGFN3 punct
level0[1851] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPK33 ChunkId=NPK33 case
level0[1852] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP233 ChunkId=NP233 dep
level0[1853] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP333 ChunkId=NP333 det
level0[1854] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK33 ChunkId=VGF33 punct
level0[1855] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPK33 ChunkId=NPK33 compound
level0[1856] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP33 ChunkId=NPK33 cc
level0[1857] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP233 ChunkId=NP233 compound
level0[1858] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP233 ChunkId=NPK33 case
level0[1859] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP533 ChunkId=NP633 nmod
level0[1860] :X VERB ChunkId=BLK33 ChunkId=VGNN3 compound
level0[1861] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK23 ChunkId=VGNN3 nsubj
level0[1862] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2N3 ChunkId=NP2N3 compound
level0[1863] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2N3 ChunkId=NP2N3 case
level0[1864] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP23 ChunkId=NP3N3 cc
level0[1865] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP423 ChunkId=NP423 nummod
level0[1866] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNF3 ChunkId=VGNF3 aux
level0[1867] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP5F3 ChunkId=NP5F3 det
level0[1868] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5F3 ChunkId=NP5F3 amod
level0[1869] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6F3 ChunkId=VGF23 compound
level0[1870] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK23 ChunkId=VGFF3 nsubj
level0[1871] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP223 ChunkId=NP223 case
level0[1872] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP3F3 ChunkId=NP3F3 det
level0[1873] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3F3 ChunkId=NP3F3 case
level0[1874] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFF3 ChunkId=VGFF3 aux
level0[1875] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKF3 ChunkId=VGFF3 punct
level0[1876] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPKF3 ChunkId=NPKF3 compound
level0[1877] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPKF3 ChunkId=NPKF3 case
level0[1878] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3F3 ChunkId=NP3F3 compound
level0[1879] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGFF3 ChunkId=NP3F3 cop
level0[1880] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPF3 ChunkId=NP3F3 cc
level0[1881] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP6F3 ChunkId=NP6F3 det
level0[1882] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=BLK23 ChunkId=NP3F3 punct
level0[1883] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP223 ChunkId=VGF23 dobj
level0[1884] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF23 ChunkId=JJP23 cop
level0[1885] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPP23 ChunkId=NPP23 compound
level0[1886] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPP23 ChunkId=NPP23 case
level0[1887] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP423 ChunkId=NP423 case
level0[1888] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP723 ChunkId=NP723 amod
level0[1889] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP823 ChunkId=VGNF3 dobj
level0[1890] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGNF3 ChunkId=VGNF3 dep
level0[1891] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK33 ChunkId=JJP23 punct
level0[1892] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPK33 ChunkId=NPK33 det
level0[1893] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF33 ChunkId=NPK33 cop
level0[1894] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP33 ChunkId=VGF23 mark
level0[1895] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP333 ChunkId=NP333 compound
level0[1896] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP23 ChunkId=NP233 cc
level0[1897] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP423 ChunkId=NP423 compound
level0[1898] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP523 ChunkId=NP523 case
level0[1899] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK23 ChunkId=NPK33 punct
level0[1900] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPF3 ChunkId=VGF23 mark
level0[1901] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3F3 ChunkId=NP3F3 amod
level0[1902] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4F3 ChunkId=VGF23 iobj
level0[1903] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F3 ChunkId=VGF23 compound
level0[1904] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP23 ChunkId=NP723 mark
level0[1905] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP623 ChunkId=NP623 det
level0[1906] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP623 ChunkId=NP623 amod
level0[1907] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP723 ChunkId=NP723 det
level0[1908] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP823 ChunkId=NP823 compound
level0[1909] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP823 ChunkId=NP823 case
level0[1910] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP923 ChunkId=NP923 nummod
level0[1911] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP923 ChunkId=NP923 case
level0[1912] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF33 ChunkId=NP723 cop
level0[1913] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK33 ChunkId=VGFF3 punct
level0[1914] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP433 ChunkId=NP433 dep
level0[1915] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPP33 ChunkId=NPP33 case
level0[1916] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP233 ChunkId=NP233 amod
level0[1917] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP333 ChunkId=VGF23 dobj
level0[1918] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP433 ChunkId=NP433 amod
level0[1919] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP433 ChunkId=NP433 case
level0[1920] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK23 ChunkId=VGF33 punct
level0[1921] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK23 ChunkId=NPK23 compound
level0[1922] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP223 ChunkId=VGNF3 dobj
level0[1923] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5N3 ChunkId=NP5N3 case
level0[1924] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6N3 ChunkId=NP6N3 amod
level0[1925] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP6N3 ChunkId=NP6N3 dep
level0[1926] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7N3 ChunkId=VGFN3 dobj
level0[1927] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8N3 ChunkId=VGFN3 compound
level0[1928] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2N3 ChunkId=NP2N3 det
level0[1929] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4N3 ChunkId=NP4N3 compound
level0[1930] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4N3 ChunkId=NP4N3 case
level0[1931] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP5N3 ChunkId=NP5N3 nummod
level0[1932] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5N3 ChunkId=NP5N3 case
level0[1933] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6N3 ChunkId=NP6N3 case
level0[1934] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN3 ChunkId=VGF22 mark
level0[1935] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP423 ChunkId=NP423 compound
level0[1936] :X VERB ChunkId=BLK23 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[1937] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP6N2 cc
level0[1938] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP732 ChunkId=NP732 compound
level0[1939] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP42 ChunkId=NP922 cc
level0[1940] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=NP922 case
level0[1941] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=VGFN3 punct
level0[1942] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP942 mark
level0[1943] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP942 mark
level0[1944] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP42 ChunkId=NP5F2 cc
level0[1945] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP642 ChunkId=NP642 nummod
level0[1946] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP642 ChunkId=NP5F2 case
level0[1947] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP742 ChunkId=NP842 nmod
level0[1948] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP842 ChunkId=NP842 amod
level0[1949] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP842 ChunkId=NP842 case
level0[1950] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP942 ChunkId=NP942 amod
level0[1951] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP52 ChunkId=NP942 cc
level0[1952] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF32 ChunkId=NP942 cop
level0[1953] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=VGF32 nmod
level0[1954] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=NP6F2 amod
level0[1955] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 amod
level0[1956] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[1957] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[1958] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 punct
level0[1959] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 compound
level0[1960] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2F2 ChunkId=NP2F2 nummod
level0[1961] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 compound
level0[1962] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2F2 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[1963] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 dep
level0[1964] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 case
level0[1965] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=NP7N2 nummod
level0[1966] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP522 nmod
level0[1967] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=VGNF2 dobj
level0[1968] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 compound
level0[1969] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=NP5N2 cc
level0[1970] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=NP7N2 compound
level0[1971] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 dep
level0[1972] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP222 cop
level0[1973] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP622 nsubj
level0[1974] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=NP222 punct
level0[1975] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=VGF22 nmod
level0[1976] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP422 case
level0[1977] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=VGF32 compound
level0[1978] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NPK32 cc
level0[1979] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=NPK32 conj
level0[1980] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=NPK32 case
level0[1981] :PART DET ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP4F2 dep
level0[1982] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPF2 ChunkId=VGFF2 nmod
level0[1983] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPPF2 ChunkId=NPPF2 det
level0[1984] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=NP3F2 case
level0[1985] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 nmod
level0[1986] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8N2 ChunkId=VGF22 dobj
level0[1987] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=VGF22 dobj
level0[1988] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP522 nmod
level0[1989] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=VGF22 dobj
level0[1990] :PART NUM ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=NPK32 dep
level0[1991] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP332 ChunkId=NP332 compound
level0[1992] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP432 ChunkId=VGNN2 nsubj
level0[1993] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=NPKN2 dep
level0[1994] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 dobj
level0[1995] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=VGNF2 nmod
level0[1996] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=NPKF2 amod
level0[1997] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 compound
level0[1998] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPF2 ChunkId=VGF22 cc
level0[1999] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP422 conj
level0[2000] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP7F2 cc
level0[2001] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP832 ChunkId=NP7F2 conj
level0[2002] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP832 ChunkId=NP7F2 case
level0[2003] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP42 ChunkId=NP102 cc
level0[2004] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=NP102 conj
level0[2005] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=NP102 case
level0[2006] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP122 ChunkId=VGF22 dobj
level0[2007] :PART DET ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 dep
level0[2008] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP522 cop
level0[2009] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPP22 ChunkId=NPP22 case
level0[2010] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 nmod
level0[2011] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 case
level0[2012] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 case
level0[2013] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP932 ChunkId=NP932 nummod
level0[2014] :PART DET ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=NP102 dep
level0[2015] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=NP102 det
level0[2016] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=NP102 nummod
level0[2017] :SCONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPF2 ChunkId=NP6F2 mark
level0[2018] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP6F2 cop
level0[2019] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP6F2 cc
level0[2020] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=VGF32 iobj
level0[2021] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP822 iobj
level0[2022] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=VGFN2 mark
level0[2023] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPP32 ChunkId=NPP32 case
level0[2024] :ADJ ADV ChunkId=NP9F2 ChunkId=NP9F2 amod
level0[2025] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 case
level0[2026] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 case
level0[2027] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 case
level0[2028] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK32 ChunkId=NP222 punct
level0[2029] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP332 ChunkId=NP332 dep
level0[2030] :VERB PRON ChunkId=VGF32 ChunkId=NP332 cop
level0[2031] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=BLK32 ChunkId=NP332 punct
level0[2032] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=NPK32 case
level0[2033] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPP32 ChunkId=NPP32 det
level0[2034] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPP32 ChunkId=NPP32 nummod
level0[2035] :SCONJ PRON ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP102 mark
level0[2036] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP7F2 cc
level0[2037] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP7F2 conj
level0[2038] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP7F2 case
level0[2039] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP922 ChunkId=NP922 dep
level0[2040] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=NP332 punct
level0[2041] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP322 cop
level0[2042] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=NP322 punct
level0[2043] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 dep
level0[2044] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 case
level0[2045] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 dep
level0[2046] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 case
level0[2047] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[2048] :CONJ ADV ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP422 cc
level0[2049] :ADV ADV ChunkId=RBP22 ChunkId=NP422 advmod
level0[2050] :ADJ ADV ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 amod
level0[2051] :PUNCT ADV ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=NP422 punct
level0[2052] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP522 cc
level0[2053] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP522 case
level0[2054] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP922 ChunkId=NP922 punct
level0[2055] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP122 ChunkId=NP122 case
level0[2056] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[2057] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=NP7F2 nmod
level0[2058] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP22 ChunkId=VGF22 xcomp
level0[2059] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP622 mark
level0[2060] :DET PRON ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 det
level0[2061] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 case
level0[2062] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF32 ChunkId=NP622 cop
level0[2063] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP332 ChunkId=NP332 punct
level0[2064] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=NP9N2 case
level0[2065] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=NP122 nmod
level0[2066] :PART DET ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 dep
level0[2067] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 advmod
level0[2068] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[2069] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 dep
level0[2070] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=VGF32 mark
level0[2071] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=NP6N2 nmod
level0[2072] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP932 ChunkId=NP932 nmod
level0[2073] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP932 ChunkId=NP932 punct
level0[2074] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP132 ChunkId=NP132 nsubj
level0[2075] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP132 ChunkId=NP132 case
level0[2076] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP232 ChunkId=NP232 det
level0[2077] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP432 ChunkId=NP432 case
level0[2078] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP632 ChunkId=NP632 compound
level0[2079] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP732 ChunkId=NP732 dep
level0[2080] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=VGFN2 mark
level0[2081] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPP22 ChunkId=NPP22 compound
level0[2082] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=NP3F2 nmod
level0[2083] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=NP5F2 case
level0[2084] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[2085] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 nsubj
level0[2086] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=NP6F2 advcl
level0[2087] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=NPKF2 det
level0[2088] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKF2 ChunkId=NP2F2 punct
level0[2089] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=JJPF2 cc
level0[2090] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP22 ChunkId=JJPF2 conj
level0[2091] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP22 ChunkId=VGNF2 advmod
level0[2092] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 punct
level0[2093] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP322 conj
level0[2094] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCPF2 ChunkId=JJPF2 cc
level0[2095] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=JJP22 ChunkId=JJP22 punct
level0[2096] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=VGFF2 mark
level0[2097] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 dobj
level0[2098] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 case
level0[2099] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=NP7F2 advcl
level0[2100] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=VGNF2 compound
level0[2101] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=JJPF2 ChunkId=NP5F2 amod
level0[2102] :NUM PROPN ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=NP5F2 nummod
level0[2103] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=NP5F2 amod
level0[2104] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 dobj
level0[2105] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP2F2 ChunkId=NP2F2 punct
level0[2106] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP5F2 nmod
level0[2107] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=NP5F2 case
level0[2108] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 nsubj
level0[2109] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 nmod
level0[2110] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=JJPF2 ChunkId=NP6F2 amod
level0[2111] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 dobj
level0[2112] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP2F2 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[2113] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=NP4N2 case
level0[2114] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[2115] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=NP9N2 compound
level0[2116] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=NP9N2 punct
level0[2117] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 dep
level0[2118] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[2119] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[2120] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP122 ChunkId=NP122 compound
level0[2121] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF02 ChunkId=VGF02 neg
level0[2122] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP302 ChunkId=NP302 punct
level0[2123] :PUNCT PUNCT ChunkId=NP302 ChunkId=NP302 punct
level0[2124] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP402 ChunkId=NP402 compound
level0[2125] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP402 ChunkId=NP402 punct
level0[2126] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP502 ChunkId=NP502 compound
level0[2127] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP502 ChunkId=NP502 punct
level0[2128] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP602 ChunkId=NP602 compound
level0[2129] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP602 ChunkId=NP602 punct
level0[2130] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP702 ChunkId=NP702 compound
level0[2131] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP702 ChunkId=NP702 punct
level0[2132] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP802 ChunkId=NP802 compound
level0[2133] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP802 ChunkId=NP802 punct
level0[2134] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP902 ChunkId=NP902 compound
level0[2135] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP902 ChunkId=NP902 punct
level0[2136] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP52 ChunkId=NP202 cc
level0[2137] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK62 ChunkId=NPK02 punct
level0[2138] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPK62 ChunkId=NPK62 punct
level0[2139] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP262 ChunkId=NPK62 conj
level0[2140] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP62 ChunkId=NPK62 cc
level0[2141] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP362 ChunkId=NPK62 conj
level0[2142] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP362 ChunkId=NPK62 case
level0[2143] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP462 ChunkId=NP462 nmod
level0[2144] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[2145] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP132 ChunkId=NP132 det
level0[2146] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP6F2 mark
level0[2147] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP4F2 punct
level0[2148] :DET DET ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 case
level0[2149] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NPK22 cc
level0[2150] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJPN2 ChunkId=VGFN2 compound
level0[2151] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=NPKN2 compound
level0[2152] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 nmod
level0[2153] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=NP7N2 case
level0[2154] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=VGNF2 nmod
level0[2155] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 nsubj
level0[2156] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJPF2 ChunkId=VGFF2 xcomp
level0[2157] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[2158] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN2 ChunkId=VGNF2 compound
level0[2159] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[2160] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=NP7N2 punct
level0[2161] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP8N2 ChunkId=NP8N2 punct
level0[2162] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=NP7N2 conj
level0[2163] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=NP7N2 cc
level0[2164] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=NP7N2 case
level0[2165] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP23 ChunkId=VGNF3 compound
level0[2166] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6F3 ChunkId=NP6F3 amod
level0[2167] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP7F3 ChunkId=NP7F3 det
level0[2168] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP7F3 ChunkId=NP7F3 dep
level0[2169] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8F3 ChunkId=VGFF3 compound
level0[2170] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPF3 ChunkId=VGFF3 advmod
level0[2171] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPPF3 ChunkId=NPPF3 compound
level0[2172] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPPF3 ChunkId=NPPF3 case
level0[2173] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2F3 ChunkId=NP2F3 amod
level0[2174] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2F3 ChunkId=NP2F3 case
level0[2175] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3F3 ChunkId=NP3F3 compound
level0[2176] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF3 ChunkId=NP4F3 cc
level0[2177] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5F3 ChunkId=NP5F3 compound
level0[2178] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6F3 ChunkId=VGFF3 compound
level0[2179] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFF3 ChunkId=VGFF3 auxpass
level0[2180] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKF3 ChunkId=VGFF3 nmod
level0[2181] :ADV ADV ChunkId=RBPF3 ChunkId=RBPF3 nsubj
level0[2182] :PART ADV ChunkId=RBPF3 ChunkId=RBPF3 dep
level0[2183] :PUNCT ADV ChunkId=RBPF3 ChunkId=RBPF3 punct
level0[2184] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPPF3 ChunkId=NPPF3 amod
level0[2185] :NOUN ADJ ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=JJPF2 nsubj
level0[2186] :DET ADJ ChunkId=JJPF2 ChunkId=JJPF2 det
level0[2187] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=VGFF2 nmod
level0[2188] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=NP3F2 dep
level0[2189] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=NPK22 case
level0[2190] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4N2 ChunkId=VGFN2 dobj
level0[2191] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP4N2 cop
level0[2192] :DET ADV ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=NPKF2 det
level0[2193] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=NP2F2 conj
level0[2194] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=VGFF2 compound
level0[2195] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=VGNN2 mark
level0[2196] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=VGNF2 dobj
level0[2197] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[2198] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP2N2 cc
level0[2199] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP832 ChunkId=NP722 case
level0[2200] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJP32 ChunkId=VGF32 xcomp
level0[2201] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP42 ChunkId=VGF22 cc
level0[2202] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP132 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[2203] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=VGNN2 acl
level0[2204] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP7N2 cc
level0[2205] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP7N2 conj
level0[2206] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=NP7N2 case
level0[2207] :PUNCT ADV ChunkId=RBP22 ChunkId=RBP22 punct
level0[2208] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPP22 ChunkId=NPP22 compound
level0[2209] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPP22 ChunkId=NPP22 punct
level0[2210] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=NP722 punct
level0[2211] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 nmod
level0[2212] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 punct
level0[2213] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[2214] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NPK22 case
level0[2215] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP622 nmod
level0[2216] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 nsubj
level0[2217] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8N2 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[2218] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 amod
level0[2219] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP322 punct
level0[2220] :DET NUM ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP422 det
level0[2221] :NUM PROPN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 nummod
level0[2222] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 punct
level0[2223] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 case
level0[2224] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[2225] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[2226] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP532 ChunkId=NP532 case
level0[2227] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP632 ChunkId=NP632 nummod
level0[2228] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP9N2 mark
level0[2229] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP222 cc
level0[2230] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP222 conj
level0[2231] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP732 ChunkId=NP732 punct
level0[2232] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP832 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[2233] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP9N2 cop
level0[2234] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=VGNF2 compound
level0[2235] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=VGF22 dobj
level0[2236] :DET DET ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 nmod
level0[2237] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPPN2 ChunkId=NPPN2 amod
level0[2238] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=VGNF2 dobj
level0[2239] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPF2 ChunkId=VGFN2 nmod
level0[2240] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3F2 ChunkId=NP3F2 nmod
level0[2241] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP2N2 ChunkId=NP2N2 compound
level0[2242] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[2243] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP8N2 ChunkId=NP8N2 dep
level0[2244] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=VGF22 nmod
level0[2245] :NOUN ADJ ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=JJP32 advmod
level0[2246] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=NP112 dep
level0[2247] :PART CONJ ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=CCP22 dep
level0[2248] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP122 ChunkId=NP122 dep
level0[2249] :SCONJ DET ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=JJP22 mark
level0[2250] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 nsubj
level0[2251] :CONJ DET ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=JJP22 cc
level0[2252] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP822 ChunkId=VGF32 dobj
level0[2253] :PART ADP ChunkId=NPK32 ChunkId=NPK32 dep
level0[2254] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP32 ChunkId=NP8N2 mark
level0[2255] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP632 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[2256] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8N2 ChunkId=NP8N2 case
level0[2257] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP8N2 cc
level0[2258] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGNF2 ChunkId=NP9F2 acl
level0[2259] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=NP112 nmod
level0[2260] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=NP112 dep
level0[2261] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP332 ChunkId=NP332 amod
level0[2262] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[2263] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP112 ChunkId=NP112 amod
level0[2264] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP122 cc
level0[2265] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3N2 ChunkId=VGF22 nsubj
level0[2266] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP4N2 cc
level0[2267] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP922 ChunkId=NP922 dep
level0[2268] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP142 ChunkId=NP142 amod
level0[2269] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK42 ChunkId=NPK42 amod
level0[2270] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP242 ChunkId=JJP42 advmod
level0[2271] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP542 ChunkId=NP542 nummod
level0[2272] :PART DET ChunkId=NP642 ChunkId=NP642 dep
level0[2273] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP742 ChunkId=NP742 case
level0[2274] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=NP342 punct
level0[2275] :NOUN PRON ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=NP422 nsubj
level0[2276] :VERB PRON ChunkId=VGF22 ChunkId=NP422 cop
level0[2277] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=JJP22 nmod
level0[2278] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=NP422 punct
level0[2279] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 case
level0[2280] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPKN2 ChunkId=NPKN2 nmod
level0[2281] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 nmod
level0[2282] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN2 ChunkId=VGNF2 dobj
level0[2283] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP6N2 nmod
level0[2284] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP222 case
level0[2285] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP522 ChunkId=NP522 dep
level0[2286] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP622 ChunkId=NP622 dep
level0[2287] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=VGF22 cc
level0[2288] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP2N2 cc
level0[2289] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN2 ChunkId=VGFN2 dobj
level0[2290] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP9N2 cc
level0[2291] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP222 ChunkId=NP222 case
level0[2292] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP722 ChunkId=VGF22 nmod
level0[2293] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=VGNF2 dobj
level0[2294] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP2F2 ChunkId=NP2F2 case
level0[2295] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP22 ChunkId=NP3F2 cc
level0[2296] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=NP3F2 conj
level0[2297] :VERB VERB ChunkId=VGNF2 ChunkId=VGFF3 advcl
level0[2298] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=VGNF3 dobj
level0[2299] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7F3 ChunkId=VGFF3 compound
level0[2300] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPKF3 ChunkId=VGFF3 nsubj
level0[2301] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4F3 ChunkId=NP4F3 amod
level0[2302] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPKF3 ChunkId=NPKF3 nmod
level0[2303] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP2F3 ChunkId=NP2F3 case
level0[2304] :ADV VERB ChunkId=VGNN3 ChunkId=VGNN3 mark
level0[2305] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP3N3 ChunkId=NP3N3 case
level0[2306] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPN3 ChunkId=VGFN3 advmod
level0[2307] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKN3 ChunkId=NP2N3 nmod
level0[2308] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3N3 ChunkId=NP3N3 nmod
level0[2309] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP3N3 ChunkId=NP3N3 dep
level0[2310] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGFN3 ChunkId=VGFN3 neg
level0[2311] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPKN3 ChunkId=VGFN3 nsubj
level0[2312] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP23 ChunkId=NP4F3 cc
level0[2313] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP523 ChunkId=NP523 nmod
level0[2314] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP523 ChunkId=NP4F3 case
level0[2315] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP623 ChunkId=NP623 dep
level0[2316] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPK23 ChunkId=NPK23 nmod
level0[2317] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3N3 ChunkId=NP3N3 compound
level0[2318] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6N2 ChunkId=VGNN3 iobj
level0[2319] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7N2 ChunkId=VGNN3 dobj
level0[2320] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPK23 ChunkId=NPK23 det
level0[2321] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF23 ChunkId=NPK23 cop
level0[2322] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP423 ChunkId=NP423 nmod
level0[2323] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP523 ChunkId=NP523 det
level0[2324] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK23 ChunkId=NPK23 punct
level0[2325] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP423 ChunkId=NP423 det
level0[2326] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP323 ChunkId=NP323 nmod
level0[2327] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP523 ChunkId=NP523 compound
level0[2328] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP623 ChunkId=VGNF3 nmod
level0[2329] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP7F3 ChunkId=NP7F3 case
level0[2330] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8F3 ChunkId=NP8F3 compound
level0[2331] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP8F3 ChunkId=NP8F3 dep
level0[2332] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP9F3 ChunkId=NP9F3 det
level0[2333] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPK03 ChunkId=NPK03 nmod
level0[2334] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK03 ChunkId=NPK03 compound
level0[2335] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK03 ChunkId=NPK03 case
level0[2336] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5N2 ChunkId=NP5N2 nsubj
level0[2337] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPK22 ChunkId=VGFF2 nsubj
level0[2338] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP322 ChunkId=VGNF2 dobj
level0[2339] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF2 ChunkId=NP5F2 cc
level0[2340] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=NP5F2 conj
level0[2341] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6F2 ChunkId=NP5F2 case
level0[2342] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=JJPF2 ChunkId=NP7F2 amod
level0[2343] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8F2 ChunkId=NP8F2 compound
level0[2344] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP5F2 ChunkId=NP5F2 punct
level0[2345] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP7F2 ChunkId=NP7F2 punct
level0[2346] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP8F2 ChunkId=NP8F2 punct
level0[2347] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP9F2 ChunkId=NP9F2 punct
level0[2348] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP122 ChunkId=NP3F2 conj
level0[2349] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP132 ChunkId=NP3F2 conj
level0[2350] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP132 ChunkId=NP3F2 case
level0[2351] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP152 ChunkId=VGF52 dobj
level0[2352] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF52 ChunkId=VGF52 auxpass
level0[2353] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK52 ChunkId=VGF52 punct
level0[2354] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK52 ChunkId=NPK52 case
level0[2355] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP52 ChunkId=VGF22 mark
level0[2356] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP252 ChunkId=NP252 amod
level0[2357] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP252 ChunkId=NP252 case
level0[2358] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP352 ChunkId=NP352 case
level0[2359] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP452 ChunkId=NP452 case
level0[2360] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP552 ChunkId=NP552 amod
level0[2361] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP552 ChunkId=NP552 case
level0[2362] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP652 ChunkId=NP652 amod
level0[2363] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP52 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[2364] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK22 ChunkId=VGF52 punct
level0[2365] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP422 ChunkId=VGF22 nmod
level0[2366] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN2 ChunkId=NP7N2 cop
level0[2367] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN2 ChunkId=NP7N2 punct
level0[2368] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJPN2 ChunkId=VGF22 compound
level0[2369] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGNF2 ChunkId=NP3F2 acl
level0[2370] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8F2 ChunkId=VGNN2 dobj
level0[2371] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP9N2 ChunkId=NP9N2 dep
level0[2372] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP102 ChunkId=VGNN2 compound
level0[2373] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP212 ChunkId=NP212 case
level0[2374] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP4F2 punct
level0[2375] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP4F2 ChunkId=NP4F2 case
level0[2376] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF2 ChunkId=VGFF2 acl
level0[2377] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPKF2 ChunkId=NPKF2 nmod
level0[2378] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2F2 ChunkId=VGNF2 compound
level0[2379] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 mark
level0[2380] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP2P ChunkId=FRAGP cc
level0[2381] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=FRAGP conj
level0[2382] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=JJPGP2 cc
level0[2383] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP2P2 ChunkId=JJPGP2 conj
level0[2384] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 case
level0[2385] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP3P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 compound
level0[2386] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=VGFN2 punct
level0[2387] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 case
level0[2388] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 mark
level0[2389] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 nmod
level0[2390] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 case
level0[2391] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 compound
level0[2392] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 case
level0[2393] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 det
level0[2394] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 cop
level0[2395] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 punct
level0[2396] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 nsubj
level0[2397] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 nummod
level0[2398] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 amod
level0[2399] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 cop
level0[2400] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 cc
level0[2401] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 nmod
level0[2402] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 nmod
level0[2403] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 neg
level0[2404] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=JJP2P2 mark
level0[2405] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=JJP2P2 nsubj
level0[2406] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 amod
level0[2407] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 case
level0[2408] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF3P2 ChunkId=JJP2P2 cop
level0[2409] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK3P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 punct
level0[2410] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK3P2 ChunkId=NPK3P2 case
level0[2411] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=NP23P2 cc
level0[2412] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP33P2 ChunkId=NP33P2 compound
level0[2413] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP33P2 ChunkId=NP23P2 case
level0[2414] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP43P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 compound
level0[2415] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 case
level0[2416] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP6FP2 ChunkId=NP6FP2 nummod
level0[2417] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP6FP2 ChunkId=NP6FP2 advmod
level0[2418] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP7FP2 ChunkId=NP7FP2 punct
level0[2419] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7FP2 ChunkId=NP7FP2 compound
level0[2420] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8FP2 ChunkId=NP8FP2 case
level0[2421] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9FP2 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[2422] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF022 compound
level0[2423] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK022 ChunkId=VGF022 punct
level0[2424] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP022 ChunkId=VGF022 advmod
level0[2425] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPP022 ChunkId=NPP022 det
level0[2426] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPP022 ChunkId=NPP022 case
level0[2427] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2022 ChunkId=NP2022 amod
level0[2428] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP022 ChunkId=VGF022 compound
level0[2429] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF022 ChunkId=VGF022 aux
level0[2430] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGF022 ChunkId=VGF022 punct
level0[2431] :PRON PRON ChunkId=NP3022 ChunkId=NP7N22 nmod
level0[2432] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4022 ChunkId=NP4022 case
level0[2433] :ADP VERB ChunkId=VGNN22 ChunkId=VGNN22 mark
level0[2434] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 case
level0[2435] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 case
level0[2436] :VERB PRON ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP7N22 cop
level0[2437] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=VGF022 punct
level0[2438] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 case
level0[2439] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 compound
level0[2440] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 punct
level0[2441] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 case
level0[2442] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 case
level0[2443] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 compound
level0[2444] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP4222 cc
level0[2445] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 case
level0[2446] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP4222 case
level0[2447] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=VGF222 auxpass
level0[2448] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=VGF222 punct
level0[2449] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP9222 amod
level0[2450] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP9222 case
level0[2451] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1022 amod
level0[2452] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1022 case
level0[2453] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 case
level0[2454] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=VGF222 aux
level0[2455] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=VGF222 punct
level0[2456] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 case
level0[2457] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[2458] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 compound
level0[2459] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 punct
level0[2460] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 case
level0[2461] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 case
level0[2462] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 case
level0[2463] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 aux
level0[2464] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 punct
level0[2465] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[2466] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=JJPF22 advmod
level0[2467] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 det
level0[2468] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 amod
level0[2469] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 compound
level0[2470] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 case
level0[2471] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 amod
level0[2472] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 punct
level0[2473] :PUNCT SCONJ ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=CCPN22 punct
level0[2474] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPPN22 ChunkId=NP2N22 nmod
level0[2475] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 compound
level0[2476] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 compound
level0[2477] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 case
level0[2478] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 case
level0[2479] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGNF22 advmod
level0[2480] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=VGF222 mark
level0[2481] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 case
level0[2482] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 amod
level0[2483] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 case
level0[2484] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 case
level0[2485] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP9222 compound
level0[2486] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=VGF222 neg
level0[2487] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=VGFF22 punct
level0[2488] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGFF22 advmod
level0[2489] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 case
level0[2490] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 case
level0[2491] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 case
level0[2492] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 dep
level0[2493] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJPF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 compound
level0[2494] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 case
level0[2495] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 det
level0[2496] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 nmod
level0[2497] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGFF22 ChunkId=JJPF22 cop
level0[2498] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLKF22 ChunkId=JJPF22 punct
level0[2499] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[2500] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 compound
level0[2501] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 case
level0[2502] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 punct
level0[2503] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 auxpass
level0[2504] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 mark
level0[2505] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPPF22 ChunkId=NPPF22 case
level0[2506] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[2507] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGFF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 neg
level0[2508] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 det
level0[2509] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 compound
level0[2510] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 amod
level0[2511] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=VGF222 cc
level0[2512] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=NP6322 case
level0[2513] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=NP7322 compound
level0[2514] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=NP7322 punct
level0[2515] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=NP7322 case
level0[2516] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP8322 ChunkId=NP8322 dep
level0[2517] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[2518] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=VGF322 auxpass
level0[2519] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=VGF222 punct
level0[2520] :PART ADV ChunkId=RBP322 ChunkId=RBP322 dep
level0[2521] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPP322 ChunkId=NPP322 compound
level0[2522] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPP322 ChunkId=NPP322 punct
level0[2523] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 dep
level0[2524] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 compound
level0[2525] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 case
level0[2526] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP4322 nummod
level0[2527] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP4322 case
level0[2528] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=VGF322 punct
level0[2529] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=VGF322 cc
level0[2530] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=NP6322 case
level0[2531] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[2532] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP8322 ChunkId=NP8322 case
level0[2533] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP9322 ChunkId=NP9322 dep
level0[2534] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=VGF322 punct
level0[2535] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 compound
level0[2536] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[2537] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=VGF222 mark
level0[2538] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGF222 iobj
level0[2539] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP3N22 cc
level0[2540] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP3N22 conj
level0[2541] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP3N22 case
level0[2542] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 case
level0[2543] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=NP7322 case
level0[2544] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=JJP222 cop
level0[2545] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP422 ChunkId=VGF322 mark
level0[2546] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[2547] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 case
level0[2548] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=NP1222 det
level0[2549] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=NP1222 case
level0[2550] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[2551] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 compound
level0[2552] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 punct
level0[2553] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 case
level0[2554] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 nmod
level0[2555] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 case
level0[2556] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 case
level0[2557] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP4322 cc
level0[2558] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP4322 conj
level0[2559] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP4322 case
level0[2560] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 compound
level0[2561] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 punct
level0[2562] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 case
level0[2563] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP8F22 nummod
level0[2564] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 auxpass
level0[2565] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NP3F22 nsubj
level0[2566] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFF22 ChunkId=NP3F22 cop
level0[2567] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKF22 ChunkId=NP3F22 punct
level0[2568] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 det
level0[2569] :NUM PROPN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 nummod
level0[2570] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 nummod
level0[2571] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 dep
level0[2572] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 compound
level0[2573] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 compound
level0[2574] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 compound
level0[2575] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 case
level0[2576] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP8F22 mark
level0[2577] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 det
level0[2578] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 nmod
level0[2579] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP8F22 amod
level0[2580] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP8F22 cop
level0[2581] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 nummod
level0[2582] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=VGF222 mark
level0[2583] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 amod
level0[2584] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 compound
level0[2585] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 punct
level0[2586] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 compound
level0[2587] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 punct
level0[2588] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 case
level0[2589] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[2590] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[2591] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[2592] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 nummod
level0[2593] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[2594] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[2595] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 nmod
level0[2596] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 case
level0[2597] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 punct
level0[2598] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[2599] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[2600] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 auxpass
level0[2601] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 case
level0[2602] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[2603] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 case
level0[2604] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[2605] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 compound
level0[2606] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 aux
level0[2607] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 amod
level0[2608] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 case
level0[2609] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 nummod
level0[2610] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 auxpass
level0[2611] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 nummod
level0[2612] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 dep
level0[2613] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 compound
level0[2614] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 compound
level0[2615] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 punct
level0[2616] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 punct
level0[2617] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 nummod
level0[2618] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 punct
level0[2619] :NUM PROPN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 nummod
level0[2620] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 punct
level0[2621] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 nummod
level0[2622] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 compound
level0[2623] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 punct
level0[2624] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 nummod
level0[2625] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP3N22 cc
level0[2626] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=NP9N22 det
level0[2627] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=NP9N22 amod
level0[2628] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NP6N22 nmod
level0[2629] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 nummod
level0[2630] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 amod
level0[2631] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 compound
level0[2632] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[2633] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 compound
level0[2634] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 case
level0[2635] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=NP6N22 cop
level0[2636] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN22 ChunkId=NP6N22 punct
level0[2637] :ADV NOUN ChunkId=RBPN22 ChunkId=NP6N22 nmod
level0[2638] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPPN22 ChunkId=NPPN22 compound
level0[2639] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPPN22 ChunkId=NPPN22 case
level0[2640] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 case
level0[2641] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 case
level0[2642] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[2643] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 amod
level0[2644] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=VGFN22 punct
level0[2645] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 case
level0[2646] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNN22 ChunkId=VGNN22 auxpass
level0[2647] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 compound
level0[2648] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 case
level0[2649] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 case
level0[2650] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 advcl
level0[2651] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 cc
level0[2652] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 case
level0[2653] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 nummod
level0[2654] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF22 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[2655] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 compound
level0[2656] :DET ADJ ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=JJP222 det
level0[2657] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=JJP222 cc
level0[2658] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=JJP222 conj
level0[2659] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 nmod
level0[2660] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 amod
level0[2661] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=VGF222 cc
level0[2662] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[2663] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 case
level0[2664] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 dep
level0[2665] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=VGF322 aux
level0[2666] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=VGFN22 punct
level0[2667] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP4322 mark
level0[2668] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPP322 ChunkId=NPP322 case
level0[2669] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=VGF322 neg
level0[2670] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=NP4322 punct
level0[2671] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 case
level0[2672] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[2673] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPN22 ChunkId=VGF222 advmod
level0[2674] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP7222 nmod
level0[2675] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 amod
level0[2676] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 amod
level0[2677] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 compound
level0[2678] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 compound
level0[2679] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[2680] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=VGF322 mark
level0[2681] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 compound
level0[2682] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 det
level0[2683] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[2684] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 det
level0[2685] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP4322 nmod
level0[2686] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP5322 det
level0[2687] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[2688] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[2689] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP4222 nmod
level0[2690] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 case
level0[2691] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 det
level0[2692] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[2693] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 dep
level0[2694] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 case
level0[2695] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP4222 mark
level0[2696] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=NPP222 case
level0[2697] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 nummod
level0[2698] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP4222 cop
level0[2699] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP4222 punct
level0[2700] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 nummod
level0[2701] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 dep
level0[2702] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=NPP222 compound
level0[2703] :ADV DET ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 advmod
level0[2704] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 dep
level0[2705] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP3222 cop
level0[2706] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 compound
level0[2707] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 case
level0[2708] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 det
level0[2709] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 dep
level0[2710] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP3222 punct
level0[2711] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=NPP222 case
level0[2712] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 dep
level0[2713] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 dep
level0[2714] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP2N22 mark
level0[2715] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 det
level0[2716] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 dep
level0[2717] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP2N22 cop
level0[2718] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=VGF322 cc
level0[2719] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 case
level0[2720] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=VGF422 compound
level0[2721] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF422 ChunkId=VGF422 aux
level0[2722] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK422 ChunkId=VGFN22 punct
level0[2723] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK422 ChunkId=NPK422 case
level0[2724] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP3N22 mark
level0[2725] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 advmod
level0[2726] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP3N22 cop
level0[2727] :SCONJ DET ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=JJPN22 mark
level0[2728] :ADV DET ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=JJPN22 advmod
level0[2729] :VERB DET ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=JJPN22 cop
level0[2730] :CONJ DET ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=JJPN22 cc
level0[2731] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=VGNN32 compound
level0[2732] :ADP VERB ChunkId=VGNN32 ChunkId=VGNN32 mark
level0[2733] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP9N32 ChunkId=NP9N32 compound
level0[2734] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9N32 ChunkId=NP9N32 case
level0[2735] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP9N32 ChunkId=NP9N32 dep
level0[2736] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=VGF232 aux
level0[2737] :PUNCT DET ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=JJPN22 punct
level0[2738] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=VGNN32 nsubj
level0[2739] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN32 ChunkId=NP4N32 mark
level0[2740] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=NP4N32 nsubj
level0[2741] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3N32 ChunkId=NP4N32 nmod
level0[2742] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=NP4N32 cop
level0[2743] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=VGF332 mark
level0[2744] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP5232 case
level0[2745] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=NP6232 nummod
level0[2746] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=NP6232 compound
level0[2747] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=NP6232 case
level0[2748] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7232 ChunkId=VGF332 dobj
level0[2749] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP232 ChunkId=VGF332 compound
level0[2750] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF332 ChunkId=VGF332 auxpass
level0[2751] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK332 ChunkId=VGFN32 punct
level0[2752] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK332 ChunkId=NPK332 compound
level0[2753] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK332 ChunkId=NPK332 case
level0[2754] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2332 ChunkId=NP2332 case
level0[2755] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP3332 ChunkId=NP3332 amod
level0[2756] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3332 ChunkId=NP3332 case
level0[2757] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGNF32 ChunkId=VGNF32 auxpass
level0[2758] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4F32 ChunkId=NP4F32 case
level0[2759] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF32 ChunkId=VGNN32 compound
level0[2760] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFN32 ChunkId=VGFN32 aux
level0[2761] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKN32 ChunkId=VGFN32 punct
level0[2762] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN32 ChunkId=VGFGP2 nsubj
level0[2763] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=NP2N32 compound
level0[2764] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP3N32 ChunkId=NP3N32 punct
level0[2765] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP2N32 dislocated
level0[2766] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4GP2 ChunkId=NP4GP2 amod
level0[2767] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5GP2 ChunkId=NP5GP2 compound
level0[2768] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5GP2 ChunkId=NP5GP2 case
level0[2769] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP6GP2 ChunkId=NP6GP2 det
level0[2770] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKGP2 ChunkId=VGFGP2 punct
level0[2771] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPKGP2 ChunkId=NPKGP2 compound
level0[2772] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2GP2 ChunkId=NP2GP2 case
level0[2773] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3GP2 ChunkId=NP3GP2 nmod
level0[2774] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4GP2 ChunkId=NP4GP2 compound
level0[2775] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4GP2 ChunkId=NP4GP2 case
level0[2776] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFGP2 ChunkId=NP5GP2 cop
level0[2777] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKGP2 ChunkId=NP5GP2 punct
level0[2778] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPKGP2 ChunkId=NPKGP2 case
level0[2779] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPGP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 mark
level0[2780] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2GP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[2781] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3GP2 ChunkId=NP3GP2 case
level0[2782] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5GP2 ChunkId=NP5GP2 amod
level0[2783] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=VGFGP2 punct
level0[2784] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[2785] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 nmod
level0[2786] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 case
level0[2787] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGNFP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 auxpass
level0[2788] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=NP3FP2 case
level0[2789] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPFP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 acl
level0[2790] :ADP VERB ChunkId=VGNNP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 mark
level0[2791] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=NP4NP2 amod
level0[2792] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 nmod
level0[2793] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 amod
level0[2794] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 dep
level0[2795] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[2796] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 nmod
level0[2797] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 amod
level0[2798] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=JJPF22 punct
level0[2799] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 nummod
level0[2800] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 dep
level0[2801] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[2802] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[2803] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[2804] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 case
level0[2805] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP4222 cc
level0[2806] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP5322 compound
level0[2807] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP4222 case
level0[2808] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=NP6322 amod
level0[2809] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[2810] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=VGF222 mark
level0[2811] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 det
level0[2812] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[2813] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[2814] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 det
level0[2815] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 compound
level0[2816] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 compound
level0[2817] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 case
level0[2818] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 case
level0[2819] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=VGF322 auxpass
level0[2820] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 case
level0[2821] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP4322 dep
level0[2822] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=VGF322 punct
level0[2823] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 nummod
level0[2824] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 nummod
level0[2825] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 punct
level0[2826] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP4322 case
level0[2827] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP5322 case
level0[2828] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[2829] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[2830] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 amod
level0[2831] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 compound
level0[2832] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 punct
level0[2833] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 case
level0[2834] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 dep
level0[2835] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=VGNN22 acl
level0[2836] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NP5N22 nmod
level0[2837] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 det
level0[2838] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 nummod
level0[2839] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 amod
level0[2840] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP5N22 cc
level0[2841] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 amod
level0[2842] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 case
level0[2843] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=NP5N22 cop
level0[2844] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN22 ChunkId=NP5N22 punct
level0[2845] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 det
level0[2846] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 compound
level0[2847] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 case
level0[2848] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP4N22 cc
level0[2849] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 amod
level0[2850] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=NP4N22 cop
level0[2851] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN22 ChunkId=NP4N22 punct
level0[2852] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPPN22 ChunkId=NPPN22 case
level0[2853] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 det
level0[2854] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=NP3N22 cop
level0[2855] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP5N22 cc
level0[2856] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 nummod
level0[2857] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP9222 amod
level0[2858] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP5N22 cop
level0[2859] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP3N22 punct
level0[2860] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=JJP222 nmod
level0[2861] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 amod
level0[2862] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 dep
level0[2863] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=JJP222 punct
level0[2864] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 case
level0[2865] :ADJ ADV ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 amod
level0[2866] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 case
level0[2867] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 compound
level0[2868] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NP2F22 nmod
level0[2869] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=VGF122 nmod
level0[2870] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 punct
level0[2871] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 conj
level0[2872] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP2N22 cc
level0[2873] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF122 ChunkId=VGF122 auxpass
level0[2874] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK122 ChunkId=VGF122 punct
level0[2875] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK122 ChunkId=NPK122 case
level0[2876] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2122 ChunkId=NP2122 compound
level0[2877] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP122 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[2878] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 amod
level0[2879] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 nmod
level0[2880] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNF22 ChunkId=VGNF22 auxpass
level0[2881] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=VGF222 auxpass
level0[2882] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 det
level0[2883] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBP222 ChunkId=VGF322 advmod
level0[2884] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 case
level0[2885] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[2886] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP9322 ChunkId=NP9322 compound
level0[2887] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF422 ChunkId=VGF422 auxpass
level0[2888] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK422 ChunkId=VGF222 punct
level0[2889] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2422 ChunkId=NP2422 case
level0[2890] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP422 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[2891] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNF22 ChunkId=VGNF22 aux
level0[2892] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 punct
level0[2893] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 compound
level0[2894] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 compound
level0[2895] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 compound
level0[2896] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 compound
level0[2897] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP3F22 cc
level0[2898] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 compound
level0[2899] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 case
level0[2900] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP8F22 case
level0[2901] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 case
level0[2902] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1022 compound
level0[2903] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1022 case
level0[2904] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 amod
level0[2905] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=NP1322 case
level0[2906] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1422 ChunkId=NP1422 case
level0[2907] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1622 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[2908] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1722 ChunkId=NP1722 case
level0[2909] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1822 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[2910] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[2911] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP1022 mark
level0[2912] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[2913] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP422 ChunkId=NP1022 mark
level0[2914] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7422 ChunkId=NP1022 nsubj
level0[2915] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8422 ChunkId=NP9422 nmod
level0[2916] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9422 ChunkId=NP9422 case
level0[2917] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=NP1022 cop
level0[2918] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP522 ChunkId=NP1022 cc
level0[2919] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=NP1322 case
level0[2920] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF422 ChunkId=NP1422 cop
level0[2921] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK422 ChunkId=NPK422 case
level0[2922] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2422 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[2923] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP422 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[2924] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 amod
level0[2925] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 compound
level0[2926] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=VGF222 cc
level0[2927] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPPF22 ChunkId=NPPF22 case
level0[2928] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[2929] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGNN22 ChunkId=VGNN22 neg
level0[2930] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 compound
level0[2931] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 punct
level0[2932] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 compound
level0[2933] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 amod
level0[2934] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 compound
level0[2935] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[2936] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 det
level0[2937] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 compound
level0[2938] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 amod
level0[2939] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 compound
level0[2940] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 case
level0[2941] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 aux
level0[2942] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP2F22 cc
level0[2943] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPPF22 ChunkId=NPPF22 amod
level0[2944] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 nsubj
level0[2945] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFF22 ChunkId=NP2F22 cop
level0[2946] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKF22 ChunkId=NP2F22 punct
level0[2947] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[2948] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPPF22 ChunkId=NPPF22 compound
level0[2949] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP5F22 cc
level0[2950] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP5F22 conj
level0[2951] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 nmod
level0[2952] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 punct
level0[2953] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 case
level0[2954] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 aux
level0[2955] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 compound
level0[2956] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 punct
level0[2957] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 case
level0[2958] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 compound
level0[2959] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[2960] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 amod
level0[2961] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 punct
level0[2962] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=JJPF22 ChunkId=JJPF22 punct
level0[2963] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[2964] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=VGF322 xcomp
level0[2965] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=VGFF22 punct
level0[2966] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 compound
level0[2967] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=VGF232 mark
level0[2968] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 punct
level0[2969] :PUNCT PUNCT ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 punct
level0[2970] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 compound
level0[2971] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 case
level0[2972] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP5N22 cc
level0[2973] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[2974] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=NP1222 mark
level0[2975] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP1422 ChunkId=VGNN32 nmod
level0[2976] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=VGFN22 punct
level0[2977] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NPK232 compound
level0[2978] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NPK232 case
level0[2979] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 det
level0[2980] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 case
level0[2981] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 case
level0[2982] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP4232 compound
level0[2983] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP5232 amod
level0[2984] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=NP6232 dep
level0[2985] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=NP6232 cop
level0[2986] :PRON DET ChunkId=NP7232 ChunkId=JJP132 nsubj
level0[2987] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP8232 ChunkId=NP8232 case
level0[2988] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP9232 ChunkId=NP9232 nummod
level0[2989] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP9232 cc
level0[2990] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1032 ChunkId=NP1032 case
level0[2991] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP1132 ChunkId=NP1132 nummod
level0[2992] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1132 ChunkId=NP9232 case
level0[2993] :ADV DET ChunkId=JJP132 ChunkId=JJP132 advmod
level0[2994] :VERB DET ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=JJP132 cop
level0[2995] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=NP6232 punct
level0[2996] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NPK232 amod
level0[2997] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 compound
level0[2998] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 amod
level0[2999] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP4232 nummod
level0[3000] :VERB DET ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=JJP232 cop
level0[3001] :PUNCT DET ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=JJP232 punct
level0[3002] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=VGF232 mark
level0[3003] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPP232 ChunkId=NPP232 compound
level0[3004] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPP232 ChunkId=NPP232 case
level0[3005] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=VGF232 dobj
level0[3006] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=VGF232 auxpass
level0[3007] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 compound
level0[3008] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 case
level0[3009] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP4232 case
level0[3010] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[3011] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=VGF232 cc
level0[3012] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP432 ChunkId=NP6332 cc
level0[3013] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP7432 ChunkId=NP6332 conj
level0[3014] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8432 ChunkId=NP8432 case
level0[3015] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP9432 ChunkId=NP9432 amod
level0[3016] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK332 ChunkId=VGF232 punct
level0[3017] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK332 ChunkId=NPK332 amod
level0[3018] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK332 ChunkId=NPK332 case
level0[3019] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2332 ChunkId=NP2332 compound
level0[3020] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2332 ChunkId=NP2332 case
level0[3021] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3332 ChunkId=VGF332 dobj
level0[3022] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP4332 ChunkId=NP4332 dobj
level0[3023] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=VGF332 cc
level0[3024] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5332 ChunkId=NP5332 amod
level0[3025] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5332 ChunkId=NP5332 case
level0[3026] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6332 ChunkId=NP6332 amod
level0[3027] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6332 ChunkId=NP6332 case
level0[3028] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP7332 ChunkId=NP7332 det
level0[3029] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP8332 ChunkId=NP8332 dobj
level0[3030] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=VGF232 auxpass
level0[3031] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=VGF332 punct
level0[3032] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=VGF232 cc
level0[3033] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 amod
level0[3034] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP4232 dobj
level0[3035] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=VGNF32 dobj
level0[3036] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=NP6232 amod
level0[3037] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNF32 ChunkId=VGNF32 aux
level0[3038] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP7F32 ChunkId=NP7F32 aux
level0[3039] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=VGF232 punct
level0[3040] :PUNCT ADV ChunkId=RBP232 ChunkId=RBP232 punct
level0[3041] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 case
level0[3042] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3F32 ChunkId=NP3F32 advcl
level0[3043] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFF32 ChunkId=VGFF32 auxpass
level0[3044] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKF32 ChunkId=VGFF32 punct
level0[3045] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPKF32 ChunkId=NPKF32 compound
level0[3046] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPF32 ChunkId=NPKF32 cc
level0[3047] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2F32 ChunkId=NP2F32 compound
level0[3048] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3F32 ChunkId=NP3F32 amod
level0[3049] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3F32 ChunkId=NP3F32 compound
level0[3050] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3F32 ChunkId=NP3F32 case
level0[3051] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4F32 ChunkId=VGNN32 compound
level0[3052] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N32 ChunkId=VGFN32 compound
level0[3053] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFN32 ChunkId=VGFN32 auxpass
level0[3054] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=VGFN32 cc
level0[3055] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=NP6232 cc
level0[3056] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP7332 ChunkId=NP6232 conj
level0[3057] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7332 ChunkId=NP6232 case
level0[3058] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP8332 ChunkId=NP8332 amod
level0[3059] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8332 ChunkId=NP8332 case
level0[3060] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP9332 ChunkId=NP9332 case
level0[3061] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9332 ChunkId=NP9332 case
level0[3062] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=VGFN32 punct
level0[3063] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NPK232 case
level0[3064] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 case
level0[3065] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP232 ChunkId=VGF232 compound
level0[3066] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP4232 amod
level0[3067] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP5232 amod
level0[3068] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=NP6232 case
level0[3069] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGNF32 ChunkId=NPNF32 acl
level0[3070] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPNF32 ChunkId=NPNF32 nummod
level0[3071] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPNF32 ChunkId=NPNF32 case
level0[3072] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2F32 ChunkId=VGNN32 dobj
level0[3073] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP3N32 ChunkId=NP3N32 case
level0[3074] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[3075] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 punct
level0[3076] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=NP9N22 compound
level0[3077] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=NP9N22 punct
level0[3078] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP8N22 conj
level0[3079] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP022 ChunkId=NP8N22 cc
level0[3080] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 compound
level0[3081] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=NP1222 amod
level0[3082] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP1422 ChunkId=NP1422 case
level0[3083] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF522 ChunkId=VGF522 neg
level0[3084] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK522 ChunkId=VGF522 punct
level0[3085] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK522 ChunkId=NPK522 case
level0[3086] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2522 ChunkId=NP3522 nmod
level0[3087] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3522 ChunkId=NP3522 case
level0[3088] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4522 ChunkId=NP4522 case
level0[3089] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5522 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[3090] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 dep
level0[3091] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGFF22 ChunkId=NP3F22 cop
level0[3092] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=BLKF22 ChunkId=NP3F22 punct
level0[3093] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 punct
level0[3094] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP4F22 cc
level0[3095] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 compound
level0[3096] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 case
level0[3097] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 compound
level0[3098] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NPKF22 dislocated
level0[3099] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3GP2 ChunkId=NP3GP2 case
level0[3100] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCPGP2 ChunkId=JJPGP2 cc
level0[3101] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 case
level0[3102] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=NP72P2 compound
level0[3103] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=NP72P2 case
level0[3104] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=NP82P2 case
level0[3105] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP92P2 ChunkId=NP92P2 amod
level0[3106] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=NP10P2 case
level0[3107] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF0P2 ChunkId=VGF0P2 neg
level0[3108] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK0P2 ChunkId=VGF0P2 punct
level0[3109] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPK0P2 ChunkId=NPK0P2 case
level0[3110] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP20P2 ChunkId=NP20P2 case
level0[3111] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP30P2 ChunkId=NP30P2 compound
level0[3112] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP30P2 ChunkId=NP30P2 case
level0[3113] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=NP4NP2 case
level0[3114] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP5NP2 ChunkId=NP5NP2 nummod
level0[3115] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5NP2 ChunkId=NP5NP2 case
level0[3116] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKNP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 punct
level0[3117] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGFNP2 ChunkId=JJPNP2 cop
level0[3118] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPNP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 mark
level0[3119] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPPNP2 ChunkId=NPPNP2 compound
level0[3120] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPPNP2 ChunkId=NPPNP2 case
level0[3121] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 punct
level0[3122] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 case
level0[3123] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=NP3NP2 case
level0[3124] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=NP4NP2 nummod
level0[3125] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5NP2 ChunkId=NP5NP2 compound
level0[3126] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 aux
level0[3127] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=JJPNP2 punct
level0[3128] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 det
level0[3129] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 punct
level0[3130] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 case
level0[3131] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 amod
level0[3132] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 compound
level0[3133] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 nummod
level0[3134] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 nummod
level0[3135] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 auxpass
level0[3136] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 case
level0[3137] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nmod
level0[3138] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 nummod
level0[3139] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 auxpass
level0[3140] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 nmod
level0[3141] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 nsubj
level0[3142] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 nummod
level0[3143] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFFP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 aux
level0[3144] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKFP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 punct
level0[3145] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPFP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 cc
level0[3146] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPPFP2 ChunkId=NPPFP2 punct
level0[3147] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPPFP2 ChunkId=NPPFP2 case
level0[3148] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 nsubj
level0[3149] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=NP3FP2 nummod
level0[3150] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 nummod
level0[3151] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPKFP2 ChunkId=NPKFP2 case
level0[3152] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 compound
level0[3153] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 case
level0[3154] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=NP3FP2 compound
level0[3155] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=NP3FP2 case
level0[3156] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFFP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 auxpass
level0[3157] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPFP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 mark
level0[3158] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 punct
level0[3159] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 compound
level0[3160] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 punct
level0[3161] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6FP2 ChunkId=NP6FP2 compound
level0[3162] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 cc
level0[3163] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=NP72P2 compound
level0[3164] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=NP72P2 case
level0[3165] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP92P2 ChunkId=NP92P2 case
level0[3166] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 punct
level0[3167] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 mark
level0[3168] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPP2P2 ChunkId=NPP2P2 det
level0[3169] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPP2P2 ChunkId=NPP2P2 case
level0[3170] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPP2P2 ChunkId=NPP2P2 dep
level0[3171] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 dep
level0[3172] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 case
level0[3173] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 compound
level0[3174] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 case
level0[3175] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 cc
level0[3176] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 case
level0[3177] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 case
level0[3178] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 dep
level0[3179] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 nmod
level0[3180] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 compound
level0[3181] :PART ADJ ChunkId=JJP2P2 ChunkId=JJP2P2 dep
level0[3182] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 nmod
level0[3183] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP92P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 compound
level0[3184] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 nmod
level0[3185] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 det
level0[3186] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 amod
level0[3187] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP2P2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 advmod
level0[3188] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 iobj
level0[3189] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP72P2 nmod
level0[3190] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 compound
level0[3191] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFNP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 aux
level0[3192] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=NPKNP2 case
level0[3193] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=NP3NP2 compound
level0[3194] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=NP3NP2 case
level0[3195] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=NP4NP2 case
level0[3196] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5NP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nmod
level0[3197] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP6NP2 ChunkId=NP6NP2 nummod
level0[3198] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6NP2 ChunkId=NP6NP2 amod
level0[3199] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7NP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nmod
level0[3200] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8NP2 ChunkId=NP9NP2 nmod
level0[3201] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP9NP2 ChunkId=NP9NP2 compound
level0[3202] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP9NP2 ChunkId=NP9NP2 punct
level0[3203] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9NP2 ChunkId=NP9NP2 case
level0[3204] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 punct
level0[3205] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[3206] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 nmod
level0[3207] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 dep
level0[3208] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 case
level0[3209] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 dobj
level0[3210] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP2P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 compound
level0[3211] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 compound
level0[3212] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 case
level0[3213] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 nmod
level0[3214] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 amod
level0[3215] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 case
level0[3216] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 compound
level0[3217] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP92P2 ChunkId=JJP4P2 nmod
level0[3218] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=JJP4P2 nsubj
level0[3219] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP11P2 ChunkId=NP11P2 nmod
level0[3220] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP11P2 ChunkId=NP11P2 compound
level0[3221] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP12P2 ChunkId=NP12P2 compound
level0[3222] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP12P2 ChunkId=NP12P2 case
level0[3223] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP14P2 ChunkId=NP14P2 case
level0[3224] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=JJP4P2 cop
level0[3225] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 mark
level0[3226] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 amod
level0[3227] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 amod
level0[3228] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 nsubj
level0[3229] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=NP92P2 nmod
level0[3230] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 compound
level0[3231] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF3P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 aux
level0[3232] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK3P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 punct
level0[3233] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 cc
level0[3234] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPP3P2 ChunkId=NPP3P2 case
level0[3235] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP23P2 ChunkId=NP23P2 case
level0[3236] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP23P2 ChunkId=NP23P2 dep
level0[3237] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP43P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 iobj
level0[3238] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP53P2 ChunkId=NP53P2 punct
level0[3239] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK3P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 punct
level0[3240] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPK3P2 ChunkId=NPK3P2 nummod
level0[3241] :PART ADJ ChunkId=NPK3P2 ChunkId=NPK3P2 dep
level0[3242] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK3P2 ChunkId=NPK3P2 case
level0[3243] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP33P2 ChunkId=NP43P2 nmod
level0[3244] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP43P2 ChunkId=NP43P2 case
level0[3245] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP43P2 ChunkId=NP43P2 dep
level0[3246] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP53P2 ChunkId=NP63P2 nmod
level0[3247] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP63P2 ChunkId=NP63P2 nummod
level0[3248] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP63P2 ChunkId=NP63P2 case
level0[3249] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP73P2 ChunkId=NP73P2 case
level0[3250] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8NP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 compound
level0[3251] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=NPKNP2 compound
level0[3252] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=NPKNP2 case
level0[3253] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[3254] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=NP3NP2 nummod
level0[3255] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=NP3NP2 compound
level0[3256] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=NP4NP2 det
level0[3257] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 nmod
level0[3258] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 iobj
level0[3259] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=NP72P2 amod
level0[3260] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=NP82P2 det
level0[3261] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=NP10P2 case
level0[3262] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP11P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 compound
level0[3263] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK3P2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 punct
level0[3264] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK3P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 nsubj
level0[3265] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 mark
level0[3266] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP23P2 ChunkId=NP23P2 case
level0[3267] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP33P2 ChunkId=NP33P2 amod
level0[3268] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNFP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 aux
level0[3269] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 case
level0[3270] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=NP6FP2 nmod
level0[3271] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP6FP2 ChunkId=NP6FP2 dep
level0[3272] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPFP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 compound
level0[3273] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 punct
level0[3274] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 nsubj
level0[3275] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 nmod
level0[3276] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP2P2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 compound
level0[3277] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFFP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 auxpass
level0[3278] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPKFP2 ChunkId=NPKFP2 case
level0[3279] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 amod
level0[3280] :NUM ADJ ChunkId=JJPFP2 ChunkId=JJPFP2 nummod
level0[3281] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6FP2 ChunkId=NP7FP2 nmod
level0[3282] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7FP2 ChunkId=NP7FP2 case
level0[3283] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=NP11P2 nmod
level0[3284] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP11P2 ChunkId=NP11P2 case
level0[3285] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 dep
level0[3286] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[3287] :VERB VERB ChunkId=VGNF22 ChunkId=VGF222 advcl
level0[3288] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP1022 nmod
level0[3289] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[3290] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 compound
level0[3291] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP4F22 cc
level0[3292] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[3293] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=VGF322 mark
level0[3294] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP8322 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[3295] :VERB VERB ChunkId=VGNF22 ChunkId=VGF322 advcl
level0[3296] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=JJP322 cop
level0[3297] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPP322 ChunkId=NPP322 case
level0[3298] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 amod
level0[3299] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=JJP322 punct
level0[3300] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[3301] :SCONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP7F22 mark
level0[3302] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 det
level0[3303] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 nsubj
level0[3304] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP7F22 cop
level0[3305] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[3306] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 det
level0[3307] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[3308] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[3309] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP2222 cc
level0[3310] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP2222 conj
level0[3311] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP2222 case
level0[3312] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 punct
level0[3313] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[3314] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[3315] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[3316] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 compound
level0[3317] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP8F22 nmod
level0[3318] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1122 nmod
level0[3319] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP122 ChunkId=VGF122 compound
level0[3320] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF122 ChunkId=VGF122 aux
level0[3321] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK122 ChunkId=VGF122 nsubj
level0[3322] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP122 ChunkId=VGF222 mark
level0[3323] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2122 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[3324] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3122 ChunkId=NP3122 compound
level0[3325] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP3122 ChunkId=NP3122 punct
level0[3326] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3122 ChunkId=NP3122 case
level0[3327] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4122 ChunkId=NP4122 case
level0[3328] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5122 ChunkId=NP5122 case
level0[3329] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6122 ChunkId=NP6122 amod
level0[3330] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=VGF122 punct
level0[3331] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 punct
level0[3332] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP8222 nmod
level0[3333] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NP2222 nmod
level0[3334] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[3335] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[3336] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 nmod
level0[3337] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nsubj
level0[3338] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 nmod
level0[3339] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP5N22 dislocated
level0[3340] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPFNP2 ChunkId=NPFNP2 case
level0[3341] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nmod
level0[3342] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5NP2 ChunkId=NP5NP2 amod
level0[3343] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6NP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[3344] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7NP2 ChunkId=NP7NP2 case
level0[3345] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP8NP2 ChunkId=NP8NP2 amod
level0[3346] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8NP2 ChunkId=NP8NP2 compound
level0[3347] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8NP2 ChunkId=NP8NP2 case
level0[3348] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9NP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 compound
level0[3349] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 compound
level0[3350] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 nmod
level0[3351] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 amod
level0[3352] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=NP92P2 nsubj
level0[3353] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF3P2 ChunkId=NP92P2 cop
level0[3354] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP23P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 nmod
level0[3355] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=NP7NP2 mark
level0[3356] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP33P2 ChunkId=NP33P2 mark
level0[3357] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP33P2 ChunkId=NP33P2 case
level0[3358] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP53P2 ChunkId=NP53P2 case
level0[3359] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP63P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 dobj
level0[3360] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP7NP2 cop
level0[3361] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=JJP2P2 cop
level0[3362] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 mark
level0[3363] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPP2P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 nsubj
level0[3364] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 nmod
level0[3365] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 cop
level0[3366] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 nsubj
level0[3367] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 compound
level0[3368] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK3P2 ChunkId=JJP2P2 punct
level0[3369] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF3P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 auxpass
level0[3370] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=VGF322 mark
level0[3371] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NPP3P2 ChunkId=NPP3P2 case
level0[3372] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP23P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nmod
level0[3373] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP33P2 ChunkId=NP33P2 case
level0[3374] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP43P2 ChunkId=NP43P2 case
level0[3375] :ADV NOUN ChunkId=RBP3P2 ChunkId=NP53P2 amod
level0[3376] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP53P2 ChunkId=NP53P2 amod
level0[3377] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGNFP2 ChunkId=NP7FP2 acl
level0[3378] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7FP2 ChunkId=NP7FP2 case
level0[3379] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP8FP2 ChunkId=NP8FP2 nmod
level0[3380] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPFP2 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[3381] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1022 nummod
level0[3382] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=VGF3P2 punct
level0[3383] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[3384] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP5322 mark
level0[3385] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP5322 case
level0[3386] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 dep
level0[3387] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[3388] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 amod
level0[3389] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP3222 cc
level0[3390] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP3222 conj
level0[3391] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5422 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[3392] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6422 ChunkId=NP6422 compound
level0[3393] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP522 ChunkId=VGF322 cc
level0[3394] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7522 ChunkId=VGF422 nsubj
level0[3395] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8522 ChunkId=NP8522 case
level0[3396] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9522 ChunkId=NP9522 case
level0[3397] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF422 ChunkId=VGF422 neg
level0[3398] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP422 ChunkId=VGF422 mark
level0[3399] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2422 ChunkId=NP2422 det
level0[3400] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3422 ChunkId=NP3422 case
level0[3401] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4422 ChunkId=NP4422 compound
level0[3402] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4422 ChunkId=NP4422 case
level0[3403] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP422 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[3404] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGF322 dobj
level0[3405] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[3406] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGNF22 ChunkId=VGNF22 dep
level0[3407] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF422 nsubj
level0[3408] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=VGF422 compound
level0[3409] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK422 ChunkId=VGF422 punct
level0[3410] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK422 ChunkId=VGF422 nsubj
level0[3411] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP422 ChunkId=VGF222 mark
level0[3412] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2422 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[3413] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP4422 cc
level0[3414] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=VGF422 punct
level0[3415] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[3416] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 nmod
level0[3417] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[3418] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 case
level0[3419] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBPN22 ChunkId=VGF322 advmod
level0[3420] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[3421] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP9322 ChunkId=VGF422 nsubj
level0[3422] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NEGP22 ChunkId=NP1022 amod
level0[3423] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 compound
level0[3424] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK422 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[3425] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2422 ChunkId=NP2422 amod
level0[3426] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3422 ChunkId=NP3422 case
level0[3427] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4422 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[3428] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[3429] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[3430] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP7F22 cc
level0[3431] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP9222 nmod
level0[3432] :PART ADV ChunkId=RBP222 ChunkId=RBP222 dep
level0[3433] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=NPP222 dep
level0[3434] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[3435] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP6F22 mark
level0[3436] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP6F22 cop
level0[3437] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[3438] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 punct
level0[3439] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 nmod
level0[3440] :PART ADV ChunkId=RBPN22 ChunkId=RBPN22 dep
level0[3441] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 compound
level0[3442] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP7N22 cc
level0[3443] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1022 punct
level0[3444] :ADP ADV ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=FRAGP2 punct
level0[3445] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP11P2 ChunkId=NP11P2 conj
level0[3446] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP13P2 ChunkId=NP13P2 case
level0[3447] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP14P2 ChunkId=VGF4P2 compound
level0[3448] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF4P2 ChunkId=VGF4P2 aux
level0[3449] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK4P2 ChunkId=VGF4P2 punct
level0[3450] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK4P2 ChunkId=NPK4P2 case
level0[3451] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP24P2 ChunkId=NP24P2 case
level0[3452] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP34P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 nmod
level0[3453] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6NP2 ChunkId=NP6NP2 compound
level0[3454] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6NP2 ChunkId=NP6NP2 case
level0[3455] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCPNP2 ChunkId=JJP2P2 mark
level0[3456] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP7NP2 cc
level0[3457] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=NP7NP2 conj
level0[3458] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=NP7NP2 case
level0[3459] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP9FP2 ChunkId=JJP2P2 nsubj
level0[3460] :PRON ADV ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=NP11P2 nmod
level0[3461] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP11P2 ChunkId=NP11P2 case
level0[3462] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6FP2 ChunkId=NP6FP2 case
level0[3463] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCPFP2 ChunkId=JJP2P2 mark
level0[3464] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNNP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 auxpass
level0[3465] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPNP2 ChunkId=VGFN22 mark
level0[3466] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBPNP2 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[3467] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 compound
level0[3468] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 det
level0[3469] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[3470] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[3471] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP4222 cc
level0[3472] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 nmod
level0[3473] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP4222 case
level0[3474] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=VGFF22 cc
level0[3475] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 advcl
level0[3476] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[3477] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 nmod
level0[3478] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 det
level0[3479] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[3480] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP2222 cc
level0[3481] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 det
level0[3482] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[3483] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[3484] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=VGF422 mark
level0[3485] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPK422 ChunkId=NPK422 det
level0[3486] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2422 ChunkId=NP2422 compound
level0[3487] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2422 ChunkId=NP2422 case
level0[3488] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3422 ChunkId=NP4422 nmod
level0[3489] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP4422 ChunkId=NP4422 nmod
level0[3490] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5422 ChunkId=NP5422 case
level0[3491] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP422 ChunkId=VGF422 compound
level0[3492] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPK422 ChunkId=NP2422 nmod
level0[3493] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP422 ChunkId=JJP422 mark
level0[3494] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6422 ChunkId=NP6422 compound
level0[3495] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6422 ChunkId=NP6422 case
level0[3496] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP7422 ChunkId=JJP422 nsubj
level0[3497] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP8422 ChunkId=NP8422 compound
level0[3498] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP8422 ChunkId=NP8422 case
level0[3499] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=JJP422 cop
level0[3500] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=JJP422 cc
level0[3501] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[3502] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=VGF422 punct
level0[3503] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP3322 nmod
level0[3504] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 dep
level0[3505] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[3506] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP5322 case
level0[3507] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=NP6322 nummod
level0[3508] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 compound
level0[3509] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[3510] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[3511] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[3512] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=JJP322 nmod
level0[3513] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=NP6322 compound
level0[3514] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=JJP322 cop
level0[3515] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=JJP322 cc
level0[3516] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 compound
level0[3517] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[3518] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[3519] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=JJP322 punct
level0[3520] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[3521] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=JJP322 case
level0[3522] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=JJP322 punct
level0[3523] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=VGNN22 cc
level0[3524] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[3525] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 nmod
level0[3526] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[3527] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[3528] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[3529] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[3530] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=NPP222 case
level0[3531] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP2222 cop
level0[3532] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNN22 ChunkId=VGNN22 aux
level0[3533] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[3534] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[3535] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[3536] :CONJ PRON ChunkId=CCP422 ChunkId=NP7322 cc
level0[3537] :PRON PRON ChunkId=RBP422 ChunkId=NP7322 conj
level0[3538] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=NP2222 punct
level0[3539] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=VGFN22 mark
level0[3540] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPP322 ChunkId=NPP322 case
level0[3541] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[3542] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[3543] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 case
level0[3544] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 case
level0[3545] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 neg
level0[3546] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[3547] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 cc
level0[3548] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPPN22 ChunkId=NP2N22 nmod
level0[3549] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 case
level0[3550] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 det
level0[3551] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=NP2N22 cop
level0[3552] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=JJPN22 mark
level0[3553] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=JJPN22 nsubj
level0[3554] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=JJPN22 cop
level0[3555] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[3556] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=NP2N22 punct
level0[3557] :DET ADV ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 det
level0[3558] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[3559] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=NP6322 dep
level0[3560] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8322 ChunkId=NP8322 compound
level0[3561] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGF222 acl
level0[3562] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NPK222 dislocated
level0[3563] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3GP2 ChunkId=NP3GP2 amod
level0[3564] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4GP2 ChunkId=NP4GP2 case
level0[3565] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5GP2 ChunkId=NP5GP2 compound
level0[3566] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6GP2 ChunkId=NP6GP2 compound
level0[3567] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6GP2 ChunkId=NP6GP2 case
level0[3568] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP7GP2 ChunkId=NP7GP2 nummod
level0[3569] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7GP2 ChunkId=NP7GP2 case
level0[3570] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8GP2 ChunkId=NP8GP2 case
level0[3571] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP9GP2 ChunkId=NP9GP2 case
level0[3572] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPGP2 ChunkId=VGFGP2 compound
level0[3573] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFGP2 ChunkId=VGFGP2 aux
level0[3574] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPKGP2 ChunkId=NP2GP2 nmod
level0[3575] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2GP2 ChunkId=NP2GP2 compound
level0[3576] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPNP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 cc
level0[3577] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP6NP2 cop
level0[3578] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPP2P2 ChunkId=NPP2P2 nmod
level0[3579] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 case
level0[3580] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP92P2 ChunkId=NP10P2 nmod
level0[3581] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=NP10P2 nummod
level0[3582] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP2P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 compound
level0[3583] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPK3P2 ChunkId=NPK3P2 case
level0[3584] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP23P2 ChunkId=NP23P2 punct
level0[3585] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP33P2 ChunkId=NP23P2 conj
level0[3586] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=NP23P2 cc
level0[3587] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP43P2 ChunkId=NP23P2 conj
level0[3588] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP53P2 ChunkId=NP53P2 compound
level0[3589] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 nmod
level0[3590] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 nmod
level0[3591] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 nmod
level0[3592] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 punct
level0[3593] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 punct
level0[3594] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 compound
level0[3595] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[3596] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 nmod
level0[3597] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[3598] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 punct
level0[3599] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 compound
level0[3600] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGF122 ChunkId=VGF122 punct
level0[3601] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=NP1322 nmod
level0[3602] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP1322 cop
level0[3603] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1422 ChunkId=NP1422 case
level0[3604] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1522 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[3605] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP1622 ChunkId=NP1622 amod
level0[3606] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP1622 ChunkId=NP1622 dep
level0[3607] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=NP1122 punct
level0[3608] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[3609] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP4322 nmod
level0[3610] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=NP6322 compound
level0[3611] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=NP6322 case
level0[3612] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[3613] :X VERB ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[3614] :DET ADV ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 det
level0[3615] :ADV VERB ChunkId=VGNN22 ChunkId=VGNN22 mark
level0[3616] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGFNP2 iobj
level0[3617] :ADP ADP ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=FRAGP2 dislocated
level0[3618] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6GP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 dobj
level0[3619] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=NP3NP2 det
level0[3620] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 compound
level0[3621] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=NPKNP2 nmod
level0[3622] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nsubj
level0[3623] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nmod
level0[3624] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[3625] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5NP2 ChunkId=NP5NP2 compound
level0[3626] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5NP2 ChunkId=NP5NP2 case
level0[3627] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6NP2 ChunkId=NP6NP2 compound
level0[3628] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6NP2 ChunkId=NP6NP2 case
level0[3629] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP7NP2 ChunkId=NP7NP2 nummod
level0[3630] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP7NP2 ChunkId=NP7NP2 amod
level0[3631] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8NP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 compound
level0[3632] :DET ADV ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 det
level0[3633] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 nmod
level0[3634] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 amod
level0[3635] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[3636] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nmod
level0[3637] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[3638] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 dobj
level0[3639] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 iobj
level0[3640] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 punct
level0[3641] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 case
level0[3642] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 nummod
level0[3643] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 det
level0[3644] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 nummod
level0[3645] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 cc
level0[3646] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 case
level0[3647] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 nmod
level0[3648] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP10P2 cc
level0[3649] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP11P2 ChunkId=NP10P2 conj
level0[3650] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 punct
level0[3651] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGNFP2 ChunkId=NP6FP2 acl
level0[3652] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPKFP2 ChunkId=NPKFP2 case
level0[3653] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 amod
level0[3654] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPFP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 compound
level0[3655] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNFP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 auxpass
level0[3656] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8FP2 ChunkId=NP8FP2 compound
level0[3657] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP8FP2 ChunkId=NP8FP2 punct
level0[3658] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=NP10P2 amod
level0[3659] :DET ADJ ChunkId=JJP2P2 ChunkId=JJP2P2 det
level0[3660] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 punct
level0[3661] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 punct
level0[3662] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 punct
level0[3663] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 conj
level0[3664] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 cc
level0[3665] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 conj
level0[3666] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 case
level0[3667] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP92P2 ChunkId=NP92P2 dep
level0[3668] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=NP10P2 compound
level0[3669] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=NP10P2 case
level0[3670] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP11P2 ChunkId=VGF1P2 compound
level0[3671] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF1P2 ChunkId=VGF1P2 aux
level0[3672] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK1P2 ChunkId=VGF1P2 punct
level0[3673] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK1P2 ChunkId=NPK1P2 compound
level0[3674] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK1P2 ChunkId=NPK1P2 case
level0[3675] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP21P2 ChunkId=NP21P2 compound
level0[3676] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP21P2 ChunkId=NP21P2 case
level0[3677] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP31P2 ChunkId=NP31P2 case
level0[3678] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP41P2 ChunkId=JJP2P2 advmod
level0[3679] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 cc
level0[3680] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=NP72P2 amod
level0[3681] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 case
level0[3682] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP82P2 cop
level0[3683] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=NP82P2 punct
level0[3684] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 compound
level0[3685] :PUNCT SCONJ ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=CCP2P2 punct
level0[3686] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=VGF222 mark
level0[3687] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPP2P2 ChunkId=NPP2P2 case
level0[3688] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 compound
level0[3689] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 compound
level0[3690] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP7NP2 ChunkId=NP7NP2 punct
level0[3691] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP6NP2 cc
level0[3692] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=NP6NP2 case
level0[3693] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP11P2 ChunkId=NP11P2 amod
level0[3694] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP12P2 ChunkId=NP12P2 det
level0[3695] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1522 ChunkId=NP1522 compound
level0[3696] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1522 ChunkId=NP1522 case
level0[3697] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=JJP2P2 punct
level0[3698] :PART PRON ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 dep
level0[3699] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 nmod
level0[3700] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 amod
level0[3701] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP222 ChunkId=VGNN22 advmod
level0[3702] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP6N22 cc
level0[3703] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=JJPN22 nmod
level0[3704] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 det
level0[3705] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=JJPN22 cop
level0[3706] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLKN22 ChunkId=JJPN22 punct
level0[3707] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=JJPN22 advmod
level0[3708] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 compound
level0[3709] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 case
level0[3710] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 compound
level0[3711] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP3N22 cc
level0[3712] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 compound
level0[3713] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 dep
level0[3714] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP7N22 mark
level0[3715] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=VGF332 nmod
level0[3716] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[3717] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[3718] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=VGNN32 dobj
level0[3719] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK332 ChunkId=VGFN22 punct
level0[3720] :SCONJ DET ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=JJP332 mark
level0[3721] :ADV DET ChunkId=JJP332 ChunkId=JJP332 advmod
level0[3722] :VERB DET ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=JJP332 cop
level0[3723] :CONJ DET ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=JJP332 cc
level0[3724] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=VGF332 nsubj
level0[3725] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF332 ChunkId=VGF332 aux
level0[3726] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGF332 ChunkId=VGF332 punct
level0[3727] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7332 ChunkId=NP1032 nmod
level0[3728] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGNF32 ChunkId=NP8F32 acl
level0[3729] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8F32 ChunkId=NP8F32 case
level0[3730] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1032 ChunkId=NP1032 case
level0[3731] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF432 ChunkId=NP1032 cop
level0[3732] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK432 ChunkId=VGF332 punct
level0[3733] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK432 ChunkId=NPK432 case
level0[3734] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2432 ChunkId=NP2432 case
level0[3735] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5F32 ChunkId=NP5F32 case
level0[3736] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6F32 ChunkId=NP6F32 amod
level0[3737] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6F32 ChunkId=NP6F32 case
level0[3738] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=NP7F32 ChunkId=NP7F32 punct
level0[3739] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP7F32 ChunkId=NP7F32 compound
level0[3740] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7F32 ChunkId=NP7F32 case
level0[3741] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8F32 ChunkId=NP8F32 compound
level0[3742] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPKN32 ChunkId=VGNN32 dobj
level0[3743] :ADV VERB ChunkId=VGNN32 ChunkId=VGNN32 mark
level0[3744] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=NP2N32 amod
level0[3745] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPKN32 ChunkId=NPKN32 case
level0[3746] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=NP2N32 case
level0[3747] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN32 ChunkId=VGNN32 compound
level0[3748] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3N32 ChunkId=NP3N32 nmod
level0[3749] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3N32 ChunkId=NP3N32 case
level0[3750] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4N32 ChunkId=NP4N32 case
level0[3751] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5N32 ChunkId=NP5N32 case
level0[3752] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[3753] :PART DET ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 dep
level0[3754] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPPN22 ChunkId=NPPN22 nmod
level0[3755] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP4F22 cc
level0[3756] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=JJPN22 punct
level0[3757] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP4N22 cc
level0[3758] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP4N22 conj
level0[3759] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP4N22 case
level0[3760] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=NP9N22 case
level0[3761] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1022 det
level0[3762] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=NP1222 compound
level0[3763] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP6222 cop
level0[3764] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP6222 punct
level0[3765] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 compound
level0[3766] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 dep
level0[3767] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 det
level0[3768] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF322 dobj
level0[3769] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 det
level0[3770] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[3771] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[3772] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 dep
level0[3773] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[3774] :PRON PRON ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 case
level0[3775] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=JJPN22 nsubj
level0[3776] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 punct
level0[3777] :PART DET ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 dep
level0[3778] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 nsubj
level0[3779] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP3222 cc
level0[3780] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 dep
level0[3781] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[3782] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 amod
level0[3783] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP2N22 cc
level0[3784] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=NP2N22 cop
level0[3785] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=BLKN22 ChunkId=NP2N22 punct
level0[3786] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN22 ChunkId=NP3N22 punct
level0[3787] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 case
level0[3788] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 compound
level0[3789] :PART ADJ ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 dep
level0[3790] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 compound
level0[3791] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 case
level0[3792] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[3793] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 nummod
level0[3794] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[3795] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 nummod
level0[3796] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[3797] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[3798] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=JJPF22 advmod
level0[3799] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 amod
level0[3800] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=JJPF22 advmod
level0[3801] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 case
level0[3802] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 case
level0[3803] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=JJP222 advmod
level0[3804] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 case
level0[3805] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[3806] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP422 ChunkId=JJP322 conj
level0[3807] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=JJP522 ChunkId=JJP522 punct
level0[3808] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP622 ChunkId=JJP522 conj
level0[3809] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=JJP522 cc
level0[3810] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP722 ChunkId=JJP522 conj
level0[3811] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[3812] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=NP6322 det
level0[3813] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[3814] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=NP9222 cop
level0[3815] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=VGF422 mark
level0[3816] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[3817] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP022 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[3818] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=VGF422 nsubj
level0[3819] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=VGF422 dobj
level0[3820] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=VGF422 compound
level0[3821] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK422 ChunkId=VGF322 punct
level0[3822] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NPK422 ChunkId=NPK422 case
level0[3823] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2422 ChunkId=VGF422 nmod
level0[3824] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF422 ChunkId=VGF422 auxpass
level0[3825] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGF422 ChunkId=VGF422 punct
level0[3826] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP422 ChunkId=VGF422 cc
level0[3827] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5422 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[3828] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP6422 ChunkId=NP6422 punct
level0[3829] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP7422 ChunkId=NP7422 nmod
level0[3830] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7422 ChunkId=NP7422 case
level0[3831] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP9422 ChunkId=NP9422 compound
level0[3832] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP222 ChunkId=VGF222 advmod
level0[3833] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[3834] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 punct
level0[3835] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[3836] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 punct
level0[3837] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP6N22 mark
level0[3838] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 punct
level0[3839] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 det
level0[3840] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP6N22 cop
level0[3841] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[3842] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 det
level0[3843] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP9322 ChunkId=NP1022 nmod
level0[3844] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP022 ChunkId=VGF422 compound
level0[3845] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGNF22 ChunkId=NPNF22 acl
level0[3846] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPNF22 ChunkId=NPNF22 case
level0[3847] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[3848] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=VGF232 mark
level0[3849] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[3850] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 nmod
level0[3851] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF22 ChunkId=VGNF32 compound
level0[3852] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP9F32 ChunkId=VGF232 nmod
level0[3853] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=VGFF22 punct
level0[3854] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[3855] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=VGF232 nmod
level0[3856] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP4232 det
level0[3857] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NPK232 amod
level0[3858] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[3859] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP5232 case
level0[3860] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP4232 mark
level0[3861] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 punct
level0[3862] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP4232 dep
level0[3863] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP4232 advmod
level0[3864] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=VGF232 neg
level0[3865] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=NP7232 nmod
level0[3866] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8232 ChunkId=NP8232 compound
level0[3867] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8232 ChunkId=NP8232 case
level0[3868] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP9232 ChunkId=NP9232 det
level0[3869] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF332 ChunkId=VGF332 neg
level0[3870] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPF332 ChunkId=NPF332 case
level0[3871] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=NP4332 mark
level0[3872] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP2332 ChunkId=NP4332 nsubj
level0[3873] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3332 ChunkId=NP3332 case
level0[3874] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP4332 ChunkId=NP4332 dep
level0[3875] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4332 ChunkId=NP4332 case
level0[3876] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=NP4332 cop
level0[3877] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 case
level0[3878] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 dep
level0[3879] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=VGF232 punct
level0[3880] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP4232 cc
level0[3881] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP5232 det
level0[3882] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP6N32 ChunkId=NP6N32 det
level0[3883] :PUNCT SCONJ ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=CCP332 punct
level0[3884] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPP332 ChunkId=NPP332 case
level0[3885] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3332 ChunkId=NP3332 compound
level0[3886] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4332 ChunkId=VGNN32 compound
level0[3887] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGFN32 ChunkId=JJPN32 cop
level0[3888] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN32 ChunkId=VGF232 mark
level0[3889] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPPN32 ChunkId=NPPN32 compound
level0[3890] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPPN32 ChunkId=NPPN32 case
level0[3891] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3N32 ChunkId=NP3N32 case
level0[3892] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=JJPN32 punct
level0[3893] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=VGF232 compound
level0[3894] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7232 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[3895] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP8232 ChunkId=NP8232 det
level0[3896] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP9232 ChunkId=NP9232 amod
level0[3897] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9232 ChunkId=NP9232 case
level0[3898] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP1032 ChunkId=NP1032 det
level0[3899] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP1132 ChunkId=NP1132 det
level0[3900] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1132 ChunkId=NP1132 case
level0[3901] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF332 ChunkId=NP1132 cop
level0[3902] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=NPK332 cc
level0[3903] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2332 ChunkId=NPK332 conj
level0[3904] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2332 ChunkId=NPK332 case
level0[3905] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4332 ChunkId=VGFN32 nmod
level0[3906] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5332 ChunkId=VGNN32 dobj
level0[3907] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP8N32 ChunkId=NP8N32 dep
level0[3908] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP9N32 ChunkId=NP9N32 compound
level0[3909] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP1032 ChunkId=NP1032 punct
level0[3910] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP9N32 dislocated
level0[3911] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP11P2 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[3912] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[3913] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP1422 ChunkId=NP1422 dep
level0[3914] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP1422 ChunkId=NP1422 dep
level0[3915] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1522 ChunkId=NP1522 case
level0[3916] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1722 ChunkId=NP1722 case
level0[3917] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1822 ChunkId=NP1822 compound
level0[3918] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP822 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[3919] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[3920] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=JJPN22 advmod
level0[3921] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[3922] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[3923] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 amod
level0[3924] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP5222 cc
level0[3925] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=NP1222 nummod
level0[3926] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP1222 cc
level0[3927] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP1422 ChunkId=NP1422 nummod
level0[3928] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NP4222 nsubj
level0[3929] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[3930] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 amod
level0[3931] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP9322 ChunkId=NP9322 amod
level0[3932] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9322 ChunkId=NP9322 case
level0[3933] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP022 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[3934] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP4322 det
level0[3935] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[3936] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=JJPN22 mark
level0[3937] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 case
level0[3938] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 punct
level0[3939] :DET ADJ ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=JJPN22 det
level0[3940] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=JJPN22 advmod
level0[3941] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[3942] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[3943] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[3944] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[3945] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[3946] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[3947] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 nummod
level0[3948] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=VGFN42 nsubj
level0[3949] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 amod
level0[3950] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP8F32 ChunkId=NP8F32 case
level0[3951] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP9F42 ChunkId=NP9F42 det
level0[3952] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9F42 ChunkId=NP9F42 case
level0[3953] :ADP VERB ChunkId=VGNN42 ChunkId=VGNN42 mark
level0[3954] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN42 ChunkId=VGFN42 dobj
level0[3955] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKN42 ChunkId=VGFN42 punct
level0[3956] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN42 ChunkId=VGFN42 nsubj
level0[3957] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCPN42 ChunkId=JJPN42 mark
level0[3958] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP2N42 ChunkId=NP2N42 punct
level0[3959] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2N42 ChunkId=NP2N42 case
level0[3960] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3N42 ChunkId=NP3N42 amod
level0[3961] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3N42 ChunkId=NP3N42 case
level0[3962] :DET ADJ ChunkId=JJPN42 ChunkId=JJPN42 det
level0[3963] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF242 ChunkId=JJPN42 cop
level0[3964] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK242 ChunkId=VGFN42 punct
level0[3965] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK242 ChunkId=VGF242 nsubj
level0[3966] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP242 ChunkId=VGF242 mark
level0[3967] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP2242 ChunkId=NP2242 case
level0[3968] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3242 ChunkId=VGF242 nsubj
level0[3969] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP4242 ChunkId=NP4242 dep
level0[3970] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP5242 ChunkId=NP5242 punct
level0[3971] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5242 ChunkId=NP5242 case
level0[3972] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP6242 ChunkId=NP6242 det
level0[3973] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6242 ChunkId=NP6242 amod
level0[3974] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF242 ChunkId=VGF242 neg
level0[3975] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK242 ChunkId=VGF242 punct
level0[3976] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK242 ChunkId=VGFN42 nsubj
level0[3977] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP2242 ChunkId=NP2242 punct
level0[3978] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2242 ChunkId=NP2242 compound
level0[3979] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2242 ChunkId=NP2242 case
level0[3980] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP4N42 ChunkId=NP4N42 det
level0[3981] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4N42 ChunkId=NP4N42 amod
level0[3982] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN42 ChunkId=VGFN42 dobj
level0[3983] :PART ADV ChunkId=RBPN42 ChunkId=RBPN42 dep
level0[3984] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP2N42 ChunkId=VGFN42 compound
level0[3985] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFN42 ChunkId=VGFN42 aux
level0[3986] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN42 ChunkId=VGFN42 cc
level0[3987] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP3N42 ChunkId=NP3N42 det
level0[3988] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4N42 ChunkId=NP4N42 case
level0[3989] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPK242 ChunkId=NPK242 case
level0[3990] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=NPK242 ChunkId=NPK242 punct
level0[3991] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2242 ChunkId=NP2242 compound
level0[3992] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2242 ChunkId=NP2242 case
level0[3993] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP3242 ChunkId=NP3242 mark
level0[3994] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP3242 ChunkId=NP3242 punct
level0[3995] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4242 ChunkId=NP4242 case
level0[3996] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP5242 ChunkId=NP5242 det
level0[3997] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF242 ChunkId=VGF242 auxpass
level0[3998] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6242 ChunkId=VGF342 nmod
level0[3999] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7242 ChunkId=NP8242 nmod
level0[4000] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP9242 ChunkId=NP1042 nmod
level0[4001] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP1042 ChunkId=NP1042 amod
level0[4002] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1042 ChunkId=NP1042 case
level0[4003] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP042 ChunkId=VGF342 compound
level0[4004] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF342 ChunkId=VGF342 neg
level0[4005] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK342 ChunkId=VGF242 punct
level0[4006] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK342 ChunkId=NPK342 case
level0[4007] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2342 ChunkId=NP2342 case
level0[4008] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4342 ChunkId=NP4342 amod
level0[4009] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4342 ChunkId=NP4342 case
level0[4010] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF342 ChunkId=VGF342 aux
level0[4011] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK342 ChunkId=VGF342 punct
level0[4012] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPK342 ChunkId=NPK342 det
level0[4013] :DET ADJ ChunkId=JJP342 ChunkId=JJP342 det
level0[4014] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=BLK342 ChunkId=NP2342 punct
level0[4015] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK342 ChunkId=NPK342 case
level0[4016] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNF42 ChunkId=VGNF42 aux
level0[4017] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2F42 ChunkId=NP2F42 case
level0[4018] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFF42 ChunkId=VGFF42 aux
level0[4019] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPF42 ChunkId=VGF242 mark
level0[4020] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3F42 ChunkId=NP3F42 case
level0[4021] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4F42 ChunkId=NP4F42 amod
level0[4022] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP5F42 ChunkId=NP5F42 dep
level0[4023] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP6F42 ChunkId=NP6F42 nmod
level0[4024] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6F42 ChunkId=NP6F42 case
level0[4025] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7F42 ChunkId=NP7F42 case
level0[4026] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP8F42 ChunkId=NP8F42 amod
level0[4027] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF242 ChunkId=VGF242 aux
level0[4028] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK242 ChunkId=VGFF42 punct
level0[4029] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NPK242 ChunkId=NPK242 amod
level0[4030] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK242 ChunkId=NPK242 compound
level0[4031] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK242 ChunkId=NPK242 case
level0[4032] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2242 ChunkId=NP2242 nummod
level0[4033] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2242 ChunkId=NP2242 amod
level0[4034] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP242 ChunkId=VGF222 mark
level0[4035] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP3242 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[4036] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4242 ChunkId=NP4242 case
level0[4037] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5242 ChunkId=NP5242 compound
level0[4038] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5242 ChunkId=NP5242 case
level0[4039] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP6242 ChunkId=NP6242 nummod
level0[4040] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6242 ChunkId=NP6242 case
level0[4041] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP242 ChunkId=VGNN42 compound
level0[4042] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7N42 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[4043] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=VGF242 punct
level0[4044] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP3222 nmod
level0[4045] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=JJPN22 mark
level0[4046] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=JJPN22 nsubj
level0[4047] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[4048] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[4049] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NP2222 nsubj
level0[4050] :PART DET ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 dep
level0[4051] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP2222 punct
level0[4052] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 amod
level0[4053] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=NP4222 amod
level0[4054] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 dep
level0[4055] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NPK222 cc
level0[4056] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NPK222 conj
level0[4057] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NPK222 case
level0[4058] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP3322 cc
level0[4059] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=JJP322 advmod
level0[4060] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 compound
level0[4061] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP4322 amod
level0[4062] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 nummod
level0[4063] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 punct
level0[4064] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[4065] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=VGNF22 cc
level0[4066] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[4067] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFF22 ChunkId=NP5F22 cop
level0[4068] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKF22 ChunkId=NP5F22 punct
level0[4069] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 dep
level0[4070] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPPN22 ChunkId=NPPN22 punct
level0[4071] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPPN22 ChunkId=NPPN22 compound
level0[4072] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 dobj
level0[4073] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 dep
level0[4074] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 compound
level0[4075] :PART VERB ChunkId=BLKN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[4076] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 mark
level0[4077] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[4078] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGNF22 ChunkId=VGNF22 neg
level0[4079] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[4080] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPF222 ChunkId=NPF222 case
level0[4081] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP3F22 cc
level0[4082] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 punct
level0[4083] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP2F22 cc
level0[4084] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 conj
level0[4085] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGFF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 punct
level0[4086] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 punct
level0[4087] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGF322 dobj
level0[4088] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[4089] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP5322 punct
level0[4090] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=JJPN22 punct
level0[4091] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 compound
level0[4092] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=VGF022 nsubj
level0[4093] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP2N22 cc
level0[4094] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 amod
level0[4095] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPK022 ChunkId=NPK022 nmod
level0[4096] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPK022 ChunkId=NPK022 punct
level0[4097] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK022 ChunkId=NPK022 case
level0[4098] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP2022 ChunkId=NP2022 nmod
level0[4099] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2022 ChunkId=NP2022 case
level0[4100] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3022 ChunkId=NP3022 amod
level0[4101] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3022 ChunkId=NP3022 case
level0[4102] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[4103] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP1122 mark
level0[4104] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=NP1122 cop
level0[4105] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP1122 cc
level0[4106] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=VGF422 nsubj
level0[4107] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=NP1322 amod
level0[4108] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP1422 ChunkId=VGF422 nmod
level0[4109] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP3422 ChunkId=NP3422 punct
level0[4110] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4422 ChunkId=NP4422 amod
level0[4111] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP3422 cc
level0[4112] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[4113] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[4114] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[4115] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP2F22 cc
level0[4116] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[4117] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[4118] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP1022 nsubj
level0[4119] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 nsubj
level0[4120] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=VGF222 acl
level0[4121] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 mark
level0[4122] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBPN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 advmod
level0[4123] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[4124] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[4125] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[4126] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP9222 case
level0[4127] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP1222 mark
level0[4128] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1222 nsubj
level0[4129] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF422 ChunkId=NP1222 cop
level0[4130] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2422 ChunkId=NP3422 nmod
level0[4131] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4422 ChunkId=VGF422 compound
level0[4132] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP422 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[4133] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPP422 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[4134] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP5N22 mark
level0[4135] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=RBPN22 ChunkId=NP5N22 advmod
level0[4136] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 nmod
level0[4137] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[4138] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 punct
level0[4139] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=JJP322 nmod
level0[4140] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 dep
level0[4141] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[4142] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP5322 case
level0[4143] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=JJP222 mark
level0[4144] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=JJP222 nsubj
level0[4145] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=JJP222 cop
level0[4146] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[4147] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP5222 mark
level0[4148] :CONJ NUM ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP2N22 cc
level0[4149] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP2N22 conj
level0[4150] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 case
level0[4151] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 amod
level0[4152] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[4153] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 nmod
level0[4154] :PART NUM ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 dep
level0[4155] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 dep
level0[4156] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 compound
level0[4157] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 case
level0[4158] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 punct
level0[4159] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 iobj
level0[4160] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 case
level0[4161] :DET ADV ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 det
level0[4162] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 case
level0[4163] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 amod
level0[4164] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 nmod
level0[4165] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 compound
level0[4166] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPF222 ChunkId=NPF222 compound
level0[4167] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 nsubj
level0[4168] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 advmod
level0[4169] :VERB NUM ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP4222 cop
level0[4170] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP4222 punct
level0[4171] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NPK222 cc
level0[4172] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NPK222 conj
level0[4173] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 dep
level0[4174] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 compound
level0[4175] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[4176] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 punct
level0[4177] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 nsubj
level0[4178] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 punct
level0[4179] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 case
level0[4180] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NP2N22 nsubj
level0[4181] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN22 ChunkId=NP2N22 punct
level0[4182] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 advmod
level0[4183] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[4184] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 case
level0[4185] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP4N22 mark
level0[4186] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 dep
level0[4187] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 nmod
level0[4188] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP9F22 cc
level0[4189] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP9F22 conj
level0[4190] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP9F22 case
level0[4191] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[4192] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 dep
level0[4193] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP3222 case
level0[4194] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP5222 nmod
level0[4195] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP6222 cc
level0[4196] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP6222 conj
level0[4197] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP6222 case
level0[4198] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP3222 conj
level0[4199] :PUNCT CONJ ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=CCP222 punct
level0[4200] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=NPP222 amod
level0[4201] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=NPP222 det
level0[4202] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP4222 conj
level0[4203] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP4222 conj
level0[4204] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 punct
level0[4205] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[4206] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 compound
level0[4207] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP5F22 cc
level0[4208] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 case
level0[4209] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP8F22 dep
level0[4210] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[4211] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 compound
level0[4212] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 punct
level0[4213] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[4214] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=JJPN22 nsubj
level0[4215] :PUNCT CONJ ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=CCPN22 punct
level0[4216] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[4217] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=NP1022 nmod
level0[4218] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 dep
level0[4219] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NP4222 nmod
level0[4220] :NUM VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGF222 acl
level0[4221] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 case
level0[4222] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 nmod
level0[4223] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 case
level0[4224] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP1022 nmod
level0[4225] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP1022 nsubj
level0[4226] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1022 amod
level0[4227] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP1022 cop
level0[4228] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 case
level0[4229] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP9222 cop
level0[4230] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[4231] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 nmod
level0[4232] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 nmod
level0[4233] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP8F22 compound
level0[4234] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP8F22 punct
level0[4235] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP8F22 case
level0[4236] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[4237] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=NP1322 compound
level0[4238] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1522 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[4239] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[4240] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NP4N22 nmod
level0[4241] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 dep
level0[4242] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[4243] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 case
level0[4244] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[4245] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NP2322 nmod
level0[4246] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 case
level0[4247] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 punct
level0[4248] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[4249] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 amod
level0[4250] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 case
level0[4251] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 compound
level0[4252] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 dep
level0[4253] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[4254] :PART ADJ ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 dep
level0[4255] :PART PRON ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 dep
level0[4256] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 case
level0[4257] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 punct
level0[4258] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 cc
level0[4259] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[4260] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 case
level0[4261] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 case
level0[4262] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[4263] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP8F22 acl
level0[4264] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP8F22 case
level0[4265] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 det
level0[4266] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP6222 case
level0[4267] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 amod
level0[4268] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 punct
level0[4269] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP4222 dislocated
level0[4270] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP6GP2 ChunkId=NP6GP2 dislocated
level0[4271] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6GP2 ChunkId=NP6GP2 case
level0[4272] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP7GP2 ChunkId=NP7GP2 amod
level0[4273] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPKGP2 ChunkId=NPKGP2 nmod
level0[4274] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPKGP2 ChunkId=NPKGP2 case
level0[4275] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP2GP2 ChunkId=NP2GP2 amod
level0[4276] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP2GP2 ChunkId=NP2GP2 punct
level0[4277] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3GP2 ChunkId=NP3GP2 case
level0[4278] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP3GP2 ChunkId=NP3GP2 case
level0[4279] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4GP2 ChunkId=NP4GP2 compound
level0[4280] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP5GP2 ChunkId=NP5GP2 case
level0[4281] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP5GP2 ChunkId=NP5GP2 case
level0[4282] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3GP2 ChunkId=NP4GP2 nmod
level0[4283] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPGP2 ChunkId=NP72P2 mark
level0[4284] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP5GP2 cc
level0[4285] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP5GP2 conj
level0[4286] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP72P2 cop
level0[4287] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[4288] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 dep
level0[4289] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 det
level0[4290] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 punct
level0[4291] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP52P2 dislocated
level0[4292] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPKGP2 ChunkId=NPKGP2 det
level0[4293] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2GP2 ChunkId=NP2GP2 case
level0[4294] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP4GP2 ChunkId=NP4GP2 punct
level0[4295] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5GP2 ChunkId=NP4GP2 conj
level0[4296] :PART CONJ ChunkId=CCPGP2 ChunkId=CCPGP2 dep
level0[4297] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPNP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 cc
level0[4298] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJPNP2 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[4299] :ADP VERB ChunkId=VGNN22 ChunkId=VGNNP2 mark
level0[4300] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=VGF522 nsubj
level0[4301] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=NP9N22 compound
level0[4302] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGNF22 ChunkId=VGNF22 auxpass
level0[4303] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1522 ChunkId=VGF522 compound
level0[4304] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF522 ChunkId=VGF522 auxpass
level0[4305] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK522 ChunkId=NPK522 case
level0[4306] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP522 ChunkId=NP8222 mark
level0[4307] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP2522 ChunkId=NP2522 amod
level0[4308] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2522 ChunkId=NP2522 case
level0[4309] :CONJ PRON ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP3522 cc
level0[4310] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 nmod
level0[4311] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=NP8222 cop
level0[4312] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=VGF522 punct
level0[4313] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[4314] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP4322 compound
level0[4315] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=NP7322 nmod
level0[4316] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 case
level0[4317] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 case
level0[4318] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=NP7322 amod
level0[4319] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=NP7322 dep
level0[4320] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=VGFGP2 nsubj
level0[4321] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 compound
level0[4322] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP5322 punct
level0[4323] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP4322 dislocated
level0[4324] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 nmod
level0[4325] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP92P2 ChunkId=NP92P2 compound
level0[4326] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=NP10P2 punct
level0[4327] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF3P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 auxpass
level0[4328] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK3P2 ChunkId=VGFGP2 punct
level0[4329] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK3P2 ChunkId=NPK3P2 compound
level0[4330] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP43P2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 compound
level0[4331] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPFP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 cc
level0[4332] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP6FP2 dislocated
level0[4333] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP8GP2 ChunkId=NP8GP2 nummod
level0[4334] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=NPKNP2 compound
level0[4335] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 case
level0[4336] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=NP3NP2 amod
level0[4337] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFNP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 auxpass
level0[4338] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP5NP2 ChunkId=NP5NP2 mark
level0[4339] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 punct
level0[4340] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 punct
level0[4341] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 punct
level0[4342] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 punct
level0[4343] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 punct
level0[4344] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 conj
level0[4345] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=NP82P2 compound
level0[4346] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP9NP2 ChunkId=NP9NP2 amod
level0[4347] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=NP4NP2 compound
level0[4348] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPNP2 ChunkId=VGF222 mark
level0[4349] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=VGFNP2 punct
level0[4350] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 compound
level0[4351] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=VGF222 advmod
level0[4352] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 conj
level0[4353] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 mark
level0[4354] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 case
level0[4355] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[4356] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 advmod
level0[4357] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[4358] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=JJP222 punct
level0[4359] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 nummod
level0[4360] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP8F22 compound
level0[4361] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP422 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[4362] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 punct
level0[4363] :ADP ADV ChunkId=RBP222 ChunkId=RBP222 case
level0[4364] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=JJP222 advmod
level0[4365] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPF322 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[4366] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 punct
level0[4367] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=VGF2P2 mark
level0[4368] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 punct
level0[4369] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP7GP2 ChunkId=NP7GP2 case
level0[4370] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=VGF222 punct
level0[4371] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 cc
level0[4372] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 case
level0[4373] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 dep
level0[4374] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[4375] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[4376] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 compound
level0[4377] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=NP72P2 det
level0[4378] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=NPK3P2 cc
level0[4379] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP23P2 ChunkId=NP23P2 amod
level0[4380] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP23P2 ChunkId=NPK3P2 case
level0[4381] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP33P2 ChunkId=NP33P2 det
level0[4382] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP43P2 ChunkId=NP43P2 compound
level0[4383] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP43P2 ChunkId=NP43P2 punct
level0[4384] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=NP33P2 mark
level0[4385] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP23P2 ChunkId=NP23P2 compound
level0[4386] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP33P2 cop
level0[4387] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP33P2 cc
level0[4388] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 nmod
level0[4389] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=VGF4P2 mark
level0[4390] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP53P2 ChunkId=NP53P2 nummod
level0[4391] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP63P2 ChunkId=NP63P2 compound
level0[4392] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF4P2 ChunkId=VGF4P2 auxpass
level0[4393] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK4P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 punct
level0[4394] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP4P2 ChunkId=NP34P2 mark
level0[4395] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP24P2 ChunkId=NP24P2 amod
level0[4396] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP24P2 ChunkId=NP24P2 compound
level0[4397] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP24P2 ChunkId=NP24P2 case
level0[4398] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP24P2 ChunkId=NP24P2 dep
level0[4399] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP34P2 cop
level0[4400] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=VGF4P2 punct
level0[4401] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 det
level0[4402] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 compound
level0[4403] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 compound
level0[4404] :ADV ADV ChunkId=RBP2P2 ChunkId=RBP2P2 case
level0[4405] :PART ADJ ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 dep
level0[4406] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 case
level0[4407] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 dobj
level0[4408] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP2P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 compound
level0[4409] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPNP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 advmod
level0[4410] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=NPKNP2 amod
level0[4411] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=NPKNP2 dep
level0[4412] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP5NP2 ChunkId=NP5NP2 dep
level0[4413] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFNP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 auxpass
level0[4414] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPNP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 cc
level0[4415] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 conj
level0[4416] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 case
level0[4417] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPNP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 compound
level0[4418] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 case
level0[4419] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=VGF322 mark
level0[4420] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=NP63P2 mark
level0[4421] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP4P2 ChunkId=VGF322 mark
level0[4422] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP74P2 ChunkId=NP74P2 case
level0[4423] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF22 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[4424] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=VGFFP2 punct
level0[4425] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP4322 compound
level0[4426] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP8F22 punct
level0[4427] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=VGF322 mark
level0[4428] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 punct
level0[4429] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=NP1322 compound
level0[4430] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP322 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[4431] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP1522 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[4432] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1622 ChunkId=NP1622 case
level0[4433] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP1722 ChunkId=NP1722 amod
level0[4434] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP2322 cc
level0[4435] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 amod
level0[4436] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP2322 case
level0[4437] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=NP4322 cop
level0[4438] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[4439] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=JJP222 case
level0[4440] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP8322 ChunkId=NP8322 det
level0[4441] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8322 ChunkId=NP8322 case
level0[4442] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP2322 cc
level0[4443] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP2322 conj
level0[4444] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP2322 case
level0[4445] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 compound
level0[4446] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 amod
level0[4447] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 punct
level0[4448] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP7N22 cop
level0[4449] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP7N22 punct
level0[4450] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 case
level0[4451] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPPN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[4452] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=JJP222 cc
level0[4453] :PART PRON ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 dep
level0[4454] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 punct
level0[4455] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 punct
level0[4456] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP2322 dislocated
level0[4457] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP5GP2 ChunkId=VGFGP2 nsubj
level0[4458] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6GP2 ChunkId=NP6GP2 amod
level0[4459] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFGP2 ChunkId=VGFGP2 auxpass
level0[4460] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPGP2 ChunkId=VGFGP2 cc
level0[4461] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 compound
level0[4462] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 conj
level0[4463] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 case
level0[4464] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 dep
level0[4465] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 nsubj
level0[4466] :DET ADJ ChunkId=JJPFP2 ChunkId=JJPFP2 det
level0[4467] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKFP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 nsubj
level0[4468] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=NP3FP2 dep
level0[4469] :ADV DET ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 advmod
level0[4470] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 dobj
level0[4471] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6NP2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 nsubj
level0[4472] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF3P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 neg
level0[4473] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK3P2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 punct
level0[4474] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK3P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 nmod
level0[4475] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP23P2 ChunkId=NP23P2 compound
level0[4476] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP23P2 ChunkId=NP23P2 case
level0[4477] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP43P2 ChunkId=NP43P2 amod
level0[4478] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 nmod
level0[4479] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 amod
level0[4480] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP5NP2 ChunkId=NP5NP2 compound
level0[4481] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 compound
level0[4482] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=NP9N22 dep
level0[4483] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1022 compound
level0[4484] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP1022 cc
level0[4485] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 det
level0[4486] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 det
level0[4487] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 punct
level0[4488] :SCONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP3222 mark
level0[4489] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP3222 nsubj
level0[4490] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 dep
level0[4491] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[4492] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 compound
level0[4493] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 case
level0[4494] :PART DET ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP9222 dep
level0[4495] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[4496] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP5322 nummod
level0[4497] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=NP7322 dep
level0[4498] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP9222 dep
level0[4499] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1022 dep
level0[4500] :VERB DET ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=JJP022 cop
level0[4501] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP3322 mark
level0[4502] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 punct
level0[4503] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 punct
level0[4504] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[4505] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 dep
level0[4506] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[4507] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[4508] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[4509] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[4510] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[4511] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[4512] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 nmod
level0[4513] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[4514] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[4515] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9322 ChunkId=VGF422 nsubj
level0[4516] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF422 compound
level0[4517] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK422 ChunkId=VGF422 nmod
level0[4518] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4422 ChunkId=NP4422 case
level0[4519] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP5422 ChunkId=NP5422 nummod
level0[4520] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP6422 ChunkId=NP6422 nummod
level0[4521] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6422 ChunkId=NP6422 amod
level0[4522] :NUM VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[4523] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 amod
level0[4524] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[4525] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[4526] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=NP9N22 nummod
level0[4527] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 punct
level0[4528] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP122 ChunkId=NP1122 cc
level0[4529] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=NP1122 case
level0[4530] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=NP1322 dep
level0[4531] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP4322 punct
level0[4532] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=VGF322 dobj
level0[4533] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[4534] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP5322 amod
level0[4535] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[4536] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[4537] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[4538] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[4539] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[4540] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[4541] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[4542] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[4543] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 nummod
level0[4544] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP8322 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[4545] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9322 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[4546] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1022 case
level0[4547] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[4548] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[4549] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[4550] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[4551] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[4552] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 xcomp
level0[4553] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1022 dep
level0[4554] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 case
level0[4555] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP5222 cc
level0[4556] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP5222 conj
level0[4557] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP5222 case
level0[4558] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=NPP222 case
level0[4559] :NOUN ADJ ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=JJPF22 nsubj
level0[4560] :ADV NOUN ChunkId=RBPF22 ChunkId=NP3F22 nmod
level0[4561] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 dep
level0[4562] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP8N22 cc
level0[4563] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP1022 nmod
level0[4564] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP322 ChunkId=VGF322 advmod
level0[4565] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 case
level0[4566] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=NP7322 case
level0[4567] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP8322 ChunkId=NP8322 amod
level0[4568] :PUNCT CONJ ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=CCP322 punct
level0[4569] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP5322 nmod
level0[4570] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1022 case
level0[4571] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF022 ChunkId=VGF022 neg
level0[4572] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK022 ChunkId=NPK022 compound
level0[4573] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP2022 ChunkId=JJPF22 nsubj
level0[4574] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3022 ChunkId=NP3022 compound
level0[4575] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4022 ChunkId=NP4022 compound
level0[4576] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4022 ChunkId=NP4022 case
level0[4577] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5022 ChunkId=NP5022 case
level0[4578] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 dep
level0[4579] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NP3222 nmod
level0[4580] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 case
level0[4581] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP6222 nmod
level0[4582] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP2222 mark
level0[4583] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[4584] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=VGNN22 cc
level0[4585] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[4586] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP5GP2 dislocated
level0[4587] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6FP2 ChunkId=NP6FP2 case
level0[4588] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=NP72P2 dep
level0[4589] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 dobj
level0[4590] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9FP2 ChunkId=NP9FP2 case
level0[4591] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 compound
level0[4592] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPK3P2 ChunkId=NPK3P2 compound
level0[4593] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP23P2 ChunkId=NP23P2 compound
level0[4594] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 cc
level0[4595] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 conj
level0[4596] :PART CONJ ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=CCP3P2 dep
level0[4597] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP4P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 cc
level0[4598] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP74P2 ChunkId=JJP4P2 nsubj
level0[4599] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF3P2 ChunkId=JJP4P2 cop
level0[4600] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP23P2 ChunkId=NP23P2 nummod
level0[4601] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP3P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 compound
level0[4602] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=NP5GP2 cc
level0[4603] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NPP3P2 ChunkId=NPP3P2 amod
level0[4604] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP33P2 ChunkId=NP33P2 punct
level0[4605] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP23P2 dislocated
level0[4606] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5GP2 ChunkId=NP5GP2 case
level0[4607] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3GP2 ChunkId=NP3GP2 compound
level0[4608] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5GP2 ChunkId=VGFGP2 compound
level0[4609] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGFGP2 ChunkId=VGFGP2 punct
level0[4610] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6GP2 ChunkId=NP9NP2 nmod
level0[4611] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNNP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 aux
level0[4612] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP9NP2 cop
level0[4613] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 amod
level0[4614] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 cc
level0[4615] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=NP82P2 nmod
level0[4616] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP2P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 compound
level0[4617] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 nmod
level0[4618] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 compound
level0[4619] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6NP2 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[4620] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7NP2 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[4621] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP222 ChunkId=VGNF22 advmod
level0[4622] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[4623] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 dep
level0[4624] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[4625] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[4626] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[4627] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 dep
level0[4628] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[4629] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=VGFN22 cc
level0[4630] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[4631] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP2222 conj
level0[4632] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP2222 case
level0[4633] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 nummod
level0[4634] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[4635] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[4636] :PART DET ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP5322 dep
level0[4637] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 punct
level0[4638] :DET ADJ ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=JJP322 det
level0[4639] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[4640] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[4641] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 conj
level0[4642] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP5F22 cc
level0[4643] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 amod
level0[4644] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP9222 punct
level0[4645] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP9222 dep
level0[4646] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 case
level0[4647] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[4648] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 dep
level0[4649] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 amod
level0[4650] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[4651] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[4652] :PUNCT ADV ChunkId=VGNN22 ChunkId=VGNN22 punct
level0[4653] :NOUN ADV ChunkId=VGNN22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[4654] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 dep
level0[4655] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 dep
level0[4656] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 dep
level0[4657] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[4658] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 dobj
level0[4659] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NP2N22 nmod
level0[4660] :NUM VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 acl
level0[4661] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[4662] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 dep
level0[4663] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[4664] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 case
level0[4665] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=VGF322 dobj
level0[4666] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP9222 det
level0[4667] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=VGNN22 acl
level0[4668] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP9222 nummod
level0[4669] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=VGF222 xcomp
level0[4670] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 case
level0[4671] :PART ADV ChunkId=RBP022 ChunkId=RBP022 dep
level0[4672] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 case
level0[4673] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK022 ChunkId=NPK022 amod
level0[4674] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK022 ChunkId=NPK022 case
level0[4675] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP4022 ChunkId=NP4022 dep
level0[4676] :VERB PRON ChunkId=VGF022 ChunkId=NP4022 cop
level0[4677] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP022 ChunkId=VGF222 mark
level0[4678] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5022 ChunkId=NP5022 compound
level0[4679] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5022 ChunkId=NP5022 case
level0[4680] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6022 ChunkId=NP6022 case
level0[4681] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7022 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[4682] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP4022 punct
level0[4683] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[4684] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[4685] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPPN22 ChunkId=NPPN22 nummod
level0[4686] :PART ADV ChunkId=VGNN22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dep
level0[4687] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 conj
level0[4688] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 dep
level0[4689] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[4690] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[4691] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP6222 nmod
level0[4692] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 punct
level0[4693] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBP222 ChunkId=VGF222 advmod
level0[4694] :PUNCT SCONJ ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=CCP222 punct
level0[4695] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 amod
level0[4696] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 dep
level0[4697] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=VGF322 mark
level0[4698] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[4699] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=VGNN22 iobj
level0[4700] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP6322 dislocated
level0[4701] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[4702] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 nmod
level0[4703] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[4704] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 nmod
level0[4705] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NPK222 punct
level0[4706] :ADJ ADV ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 amod
level0[4707] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP2222 conj
level0[4708] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 dep
level0[4709] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 dep
level0[4710] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[4711] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 dep
level0[4712] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=VGF222 xcomp
level0[4713] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 advmod
level0[4714] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 advmod
level0[4715] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[4716] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[4717] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=VGF322 xcomp
level0[4718] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[4719] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP4322 amod
level0[4720] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=NP7322 nmod
level0[4721] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGF222 iobj
level0[4722] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[4723] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 nmod
level0[4724] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[4725] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[4726] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[4727] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[4728] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=JJPN22 punct
level0[4729] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[4730] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP4322 nmod
level0[4731] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[4732] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP3222 cc
level0[4733] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[4734] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=VGF232 mark
level0[4735] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 nmod
level0[4736] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP9222 compound
level0[4737] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1522 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[4738] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1622 ChunkId=VGF232 iobj
level0[4739] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[4740] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5N32 ChunkId=NP5N32 amod
level0[4741] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5N32 ChunkId=NP5N32 compound
level0[4742] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN32 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[4743] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGNN22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dep
level0[4744] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPPN22 ChunkId=NPPN22 case
level0[4745] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[4746] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP1032 ChunkId=NP1032 compound
level0[4747] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP1032 ChunkId=NP1032 dep
level0[4748] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP1132 ChunkId=NP1132 compound
level0[4749] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP1132 ChunkId=NP1132 punct
level0[4750] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NPK232 det
level0[4751] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 compound
level0[4752] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 case
level0[4753] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 dep
level0[4754] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[4755] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7232 ChunkId=NP7232 case
level0[4756] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=NP3232 punct
level0[4757] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP4N32 mark
level0[4758] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN32 ChunkId=NP4N32 cop
level0[4759] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP5232 mark
level0[4760] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP5232 compound
level0[4761] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=NP6232 punct
level0[4762] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=NP4N32 punct
level0[4763] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJP232 ChunkId=VGNN32 compound
level0[4764] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN32 ChunkId=VGFF32 mark
level0[4765] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPPN32 ChunkId=NPPN32 case
level0[4766] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2F32 ChunkId=NP2F32 case
level0[4767] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP3F32 ChunkId=NP3F32 dep
level0[4768] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJPF32 ChunkId=VGFF32 compound
level0[4769] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGFF32 ChunkId=VGFF32 neg
level0[4770] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=VGFF32 mark
level0[4771] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP4232 dep
level0[4772] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=VGFF32 punct
level0[4773] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NPK232 punct
level0[4774] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP4F32 ChunkId=NP4F32 dep
level0[4775] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=NP5F32 ChunkId=NP5F32 punct
level0[4776] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP5F32 ChunkId=NP5F32 compound
level0[4777] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7F32 ChunkId=NP8F32 nmod
level0[4778] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPF32 ChunkId=VGFN32 mark
level0[4779] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPPF32 ChunkId=NPPF32 det
level0[4780] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPPF32 ChunkId=NPPF32 case
level0[4781] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP3F32 ChunkId=NP3F32 det
level0[4782] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP5N32 ChunkId=NP5N32 dep
level0[4783] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6N32 ChunkId=NP6N32 case
level0[4784] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP7N32 ChunkId=VGF232 nmod
level0[4785] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP8N32 ChunkId=VGF232 nmod
level0[4786] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NPK232 compound
level0[4787] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=VGF232 iobj
level0[4788] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7232 ChunkId=NP7232 case
level0[4789] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP8232 ChunkId=NP8232 amod
level0[4790] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK332 ChunkId=VGF332 nsubj
level0[4791] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=VGF232 mark
level0[4792] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP2332 ChunkId=NP2332 amod
level0[4793] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3332 ChunkId=NP3332 nmod
level0[4794] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[4795] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 det
level0[4796] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4F32 ChunkId=NP4F32 amod
level0[4797] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP3232 cc
level0[4798] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP3232 conj
level0[4799] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6N32 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[4800] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJPN32 ChunkId=VGF232 compound
level0[4801] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPP232 ChunkId=NPP232 det
level0[4802] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[4803] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NPK232 case
level0[4804] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 nummod
level0[4805] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 case
level0[4806] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP4232 case
level0[4807] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP5232 nummod
level0[4808] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NPK232 nummod
level0[4809] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=JJP232 advmod
level0[4810] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 compound
level0[4811] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=JJP232 cc
level0[4812] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP232 ChunkId=JJP232 conj
level0[4813] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP6232 cc
level0[4814] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP1032 ChunkId=NP1032 amod
level0[4815] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP1032 ChunkId=NP1032 punct
level0[4816] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NPK232 dep
level0[4817] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7F32 ChunkId=NP7F32 case
level0[4818] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCPF32 ChunkId=JJP232 mark
level0[4819] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP8F32 ChunkId=NP8F32 dep
level0[4820] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9F32 ChunkId=NP9F32 case
level0[4821] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP1032 ChunkId=JJP232 nmod
level0[4822] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP1132 ChunkId=NP1132 amod
level0[4823] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP1232 ChunkId=NP1232 det
level0[4824] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1232 ChunkId=NP1232 case
level0[4825] :DET ADJ ChunkId=JJP232 ChunkId=JJP232 det
level0[4826] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=JJP232 cop
level0[4827] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=VGFF32 cc
level0[4828] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPP232 ChunkId=NPP232 case
level0[4829] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFF32 ChunkId=VGFF32 auxpass
level0[4830] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPKF32 ChunkId=NPKF32 case
level0[4831] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2F32 ChunkId=NP2F32 case
level0[4832] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4F32 ChunkId=NP4F32 compound
level0[4833] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4F32 ChunkId=NP4F32 case
level0[4834] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPF32 ChunkId=VGF232 mark
level0[4835] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP5F32 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[4836] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=JJP232 nmod
level0[4837] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 amod
level0[4838] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP5232 punct
level0[4839] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP5232 cc
level0[4840] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=JJP232 punct
level0[4841] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=VGF232 compound
level0[4842] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=VGNN32 nmod
level0[4843] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP7232 ChunkId=NP7232 amod
level0[4844] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8232 ChunkId=NP9232 nmod
level0[4845] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1032 ChunkId=VGNN32 compound
level0[4846] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNN32 ChunkId=VGNN32 auxpass
level0[4847] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP1132 ChunkId=NP1232 nsubj
level0[4848] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=VGF332 cc
level0[4849] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP1432 ChunkId=NP1432 det
level0[4850] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1432 ChunkId=NP1432 case
level0[4851] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1532 ChunkId=NP1532 case
level0[4852] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=NP1632 cc
level0[4853] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1732 ChunkId=NP1732 case
level0[4854] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF422 ChunkId=JJPN22 cop
level0[4855] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK422 ChunkId=VGF232 punct
level0[4856] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP2422 ChunkId=NP2422 dep
level0[4857] :PART ADP ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 dep
level0[4858] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[4859] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP9322 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[4860] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 nmod
level0[4861] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[4862] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 amod
level0[4863] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 punct
level0[4864] :ADV DET ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 advmod
level0[4865] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 amod
level0[4866] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 punct
level0[4867] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP6222 dislocated
level0[4868] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP8GP2 ChunkId=NP8GP2 det
level0[4869] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 compound
level0[4870] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=NP72P2 nummod
level0[4871] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=NP72P2 punct
level0[4872] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP92P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 nsubj
level0[4873] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP11P2 cc
level0[4874] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP12P2 ChunkId=NP11P2 conj
level0[4875] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP12P2 ChunkId=NP11P2 case
level0[4876] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP13P2 ChunkId=NP13P2 compound
level0[4877] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP13P2 ChunkId=NP13P2 case
level0[4878] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP14P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 dobj
level0[4879] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=JJP3P2 mark
level0[4880] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP53P2 ChunkId=NP53P2 case
level0[4881] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=JJP3P2 cop
level0[4882] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=JJP2P2 cc
level0[4883] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP2P2 ChunkId=JJP2P2 conj
level0[4884] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 cc
level0[4885] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=NP82P2 punct
level0[4886] :PUNCT PUNCT ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=NP82P2 punct
level0[4887] :PUNCT PUNCT ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=NP10P2 punct
level0[4888] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP11P2 ChunkId=NP11P2 compound
level0[4889] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP12P2 ChunkId=NP12P2 punct
level0[4890] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 cc
level0[4891] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP14P2 ChunkId=NP14P2 punct
level0[4892] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP13P2 dislocated
level0[4893] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP15P2 ChunkId=NP15P2 case
level0[4894] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP16P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 nmod
level0[4895] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP6P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 compound
level0[4896] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=NP82P2 amod
level0[4897] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP12P2 ChunkId=NP12P2 case
level0[4898] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP13P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 compound
level0[4899] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[4900] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 case
level0[4901] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 dobj
level0[4902] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP9FP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nmod
level0[4903] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP12P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 compound
level0[4904] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBPNP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 advmod
level0[4905] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPNP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 compound
level0[4906] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nsubj
level0[4907] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPNP2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 mark
level0[4908] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 case
level0[4909] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 case
level0[4910] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 nmod
level0[4911] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP82P2 cc
level0[4912] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP92P2 ChunkId=NP82P2 conj
level0[4913] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP92P2 ChunkId=NP82P2 case
level0[4914] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP11P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 compound
level0[4915] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPNP2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 dobj
level0[4916] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP33P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 dobj
level0[4917] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6NP2 ChunkId=NP7NP2 nmod
level0[4918] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 conj
level0[4919] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP8N22 case
level0[4920] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[4921] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1422 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[4922] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP1522 ChunkId=NP1522 dep
level0[4923] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=JJP222 conj
level0[4924] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP8322 ChunkId=NP8322 compound
level0[4925] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP8322 ChunkId=NP8322 case
level0[4926] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[4927] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=VGF322 iobj
level0[4928] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[4929] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 dep
level0[4930] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=VGF422 dobj
level0[4931] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[4932] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK422 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[4933] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 case
level0[4934] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 case
level0[4935] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=VGF322 dep
level0[4936] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP3322 cc
level0[4937] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 punct
level0[4938] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 compound
level0[4939] :SCONJ PRON ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP1022 mark
level0[4940] :VERB PRON ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP1022 cop
level0[4941] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[4942] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[4943] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 dep
level0[4944] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 compound
level0[4945] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 amod
level0[4946] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[4947] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=JJPN22 advmod
level0[4948] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 compound
level0[4949] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 punct
level0[4950] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[4951] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 compound
level0[4952] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[4953] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[4954] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[4955] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=VGF222 iobj
level0[4956] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[4957] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 punct
level0[4958] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 dep
level0[4959] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[4960] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGF022 nmod
level0[4961] :PUNCT ADP ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 punct
level0[4962] :NOUN ADP ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 compound
level0[4963] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[4964] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4022 ChunkId=NP4022 amod
level0[4965] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF022 ChunkId=NP4022 cop
level0[4966] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK022 ChunkId=NP4022 punct
level0[4967] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPK022 ChunkId=NPK022 compound
level0[4968] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2022 ChunkId=NP2022 nummod
level0[4969] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 nmod
level0[4970] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGF022 nsubj
level0[4971] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPK022 ChunkId=NPK022 det
level0[4972] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2022 ChunkId=NP3022 nmod
level0[4973] :PART ADJ ChunkId=JJP022 ChunkId=JJP022 dep
level0[4974] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4022 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[4975] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6022 ChunkId=NP6022 compound
level0[4976] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 nmod
level0[4977] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 case
level0[4978] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 amod
level0[4979] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NP4N22 nsubj
level0[4980] :DET ADJ ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=JJPN22 advmod
level0[4981] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=JJPN22 cc
level0[4982] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=JJPN22 conj
level0[4983] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFF22 ChunkId=NP7F22 cop
level0[4984] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKF22 ChunkId=NP7F22 punct
level0[4985] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 nmod
level0[4986] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 iobj
level0[4987] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 amod
level0[4988] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[4989] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[4990] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 case
level0[4991] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP3F22 dislocated
level0[4992] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPGP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 compound
level0[4993] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nsubj
level0[4994] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 nummod
level0[4995] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5NP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 compound
level0[4996] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGFN22 iobj
level0[4997] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[4998] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[4999] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[5000] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[5001] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[5002] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[5003] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 case
level0[5004] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 dobj
level0[5005] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 compound
level0[5006] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[5007] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 compound
level0[5008] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 punct
level0[5009] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 punct
level0[5010] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[5011] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[5012] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[5013] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP3322 cc
level0[5014] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP5322 compound
level0[5015] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 case
level0[5016] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 case
level0[5017] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 dep
level0[5018] :NOUN ADJ ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=JJPN22 advmod
level0[5019] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[5020] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 nmod
level0[5021] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[5022] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 dep
level0[5023] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[5024] :ADJ ADV ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 amod
level0[5025] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF22 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[5026] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 case
level0[5027] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 nmod
level0[5028] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP8F22 amod
level0[5029] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP7222 cop
level0[5030] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP7222 cc
level0[5031] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP9222 nmod
level0[5032] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP1022 cc
level0[5033] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP222 ChunkId=VGF322 advmod
level0[5034] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[5035] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=NP7222 punct
level0[5036] :SCONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP5222 mark
level0[5037] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP5222 cop
level0[5038] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 nmod
level0[5039] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[5040] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF422 nmod
level0[5041] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP422 ChunkId=VGF222 advmod
level0[5042] :DET PRON ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 det
level0[5043] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=NP4222 cop
level0[5044] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[5045] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP8222 cc
level0[5046] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP4322 case
level0[5047] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP5322 case
level0[5048] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[5049] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 advmod
level0[5050] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=VGNF22 nsubj
level0[5051] :PART NUM ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 dep
level0[5052] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NEGP22 ChunkId=NP3P22 amod
level0[5053] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3P22 ChunkId=NP3P22 case
level0[5054] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4P22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[5055] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP5P22 ChunkId=NP5P22 case
level0[5056] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP6222 nsubj
level0[5057] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP6222 nmod
level0[5058] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP6222 cop
level0[5059] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 dep
level0[5060] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 case
level0[5061] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubjpass
level0[5062] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=VGF322 dobj
level0[5063] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=NP2322 cop
level0[5064] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubjpass
level0[5065] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP2322 punct
level0[5066] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 nmod
level0[5067] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 nmod
level0[5068] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP122 ChunkId=VGF222 advmod
level0[5069] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=VGF422 nmod
level0[5070] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=NP9N22 case
level0[5071] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF422 dobj
level0[5072] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=JJP422 ChunkId=NP2422 amod
level0[5073] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2422 ChunkId=NP2422 compound
level0[5074] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3422 ChunkId=NP3422 compound
level0[5075] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4422 ChunkId=NP5422 nmod
level0[5076] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP5422 ChunkId=NP5422 nmod
level0[5077] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 dobj
level0[5078] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[5079] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP4N22 mark
level0[5080] :ADV NOUN ChunkId=RBP222 ChunkId=NP4N22 advmod
level0[5081] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 nmod
level0[5082] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=VGF332 cc
level0[5083] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6N32 ChunkId=NP6N32 amod
level0[5084] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP332 ChunkId=VGF332 compound
level0[5085] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP5332 ChunkId=VGF332 nmod
level0[5086] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP6332 ChunkId=NP6332 nmod
level0[5087] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7332 ChunkId=NP8332 nmod
level0[5088] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP9332 ChunkId=NP9332 case
level0[5089] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1032 ChunkId=VGF232 dobj
level0[5090] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP032 ChunkId=VGF232 compound
level0[5091] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP4232 compound
level0[5092] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP4232 case
level0[5093] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=VGF032 nmod
level0[5094] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=NP6232 compound
level0[5095] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=NP6232 case
level0[5096] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP7232 ChunkId=NP7232 amod
level0[5097] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP7232 cc
level0[5098] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8232 ChunkId=NP7232 case
level0[5099] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9232 ChunkId=VGNN32 compound
level0[5100] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK032 ChunkId=VGF032 punct
level0[5101] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK032 ChunkId=VGF032 nsubj
level0[5102] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2032 ChunkId=NP2032 case
level0[5103] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3032 ChunkId=NP3032 case
level0[5104] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4032 ChunkId=NP4032 case
level0[5105] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5032 ChunkId=NP5032 case
level0[5106] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK032 ChunkId=NPK032 case
level0[5107] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP032 ChunkId=NP2032 cc
level0[5108] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3032 ChunkId=NP2032 conj
level0[5109] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3032 ChunkId=NP2032 case
level0[5110] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5F32 ChunkId=NP5F32 compound
level0[5111] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP8F22 det
level0[5112] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2122 ChunkId=NP2122 compound
level0[5113] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2122 ChunkId=NP2122 case
level0[5114] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3122 ChunkId=NP4122 nmod
level0[5115] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPK122 ChunkId=NPK122 case
level0[5116] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3122 ChunkId=NP3122 amod
level0[5117] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP3122 ChunkId=NP3122 dep
level0[5118] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF122 ChunkId=NP3122 cop
level0[5119] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK122 ChunkId=NP3122 punct
level0[5120] :PART NUM ChunkId=NPK122 ChunkId=NPK122 dep
level0[5121] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK122 ChunkId=NPK122 case
level0[5122] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=JJPF22 cc
level0[5123] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=JJPF22 conj
level0[5124] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=VGFF22 mark
level0[5125] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[5126] :PUNCT ADV ChunkId=RBPF22 ChunkId=RBPF22 punct
level0[5127] :ADV ADV ChunkId=RBPF22 ChunkId=RBPF22 compound
level0[5128] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[5129] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK422 ChunkId=VGFF22 punct
level0[5130] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK422 ChunkId=NPK422 amod
level0[5131] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPK422 ChunkId=NPK422 compound
level0[5132] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[5133] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP7F22 case
level0[5134] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[5135] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=VGNF22 cc
level0[5136] :PART AUX ChunkId=VGNF32 ChunkId=VGNF32 dep
level0[5137] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP1132 ChunkId=NP1132 nmod
level0[5138] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP1232 ChunkId=NP1232 amod
level0[5139] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1332 ChunkId=NP1332 compound
level0[5140] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1332 ChunkId=NP1332 case
level0[5141] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=JJP232 cc
level0[5142] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP432 ChunkId=VGF332 mark
level0[5143] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5432 ChunkId=NP5432 case
level0[5144] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6432 ChunkId=NP6432 case
level0[5145] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPK332 ChunkId=NPK332 nmod
level0[5146] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2332 ChunkId=NP2332 amod
level0[5147] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=NP2332 cc
level0[5148] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3332 ChunkId=NP3332 compound
level0[5149] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP2332 cc
level0[5150] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 amod
level0[5151] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP5232 nmod
level0[5152] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7232 ChunkId=NP8232 nmod
level0[5153] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP9232 ChunkId=NP9232 amod
level0[5154] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP9232 ChunkId=NP9232 compound
level0[5155] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP9232 cc
level0[5156] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1032 ChunkId=NP1032 compound
level0[5157] :PART ADV ChunkId=RBP232 ChunkId=RBP232 dep
level0[5158] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=VGNN32 xcomp
level0[5159] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=CCPN32 ChunkId=VGFN32 cc
level0[5160] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6N32 ChunkId=VGNF32 dobj
level0[5161] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7F32 ChunkId=VGF232 compound
level0[5162] :NUM PROPN ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NPK232 nummod
level0[5163] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 nmod
level0[5164] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=NP6232 case
level0[5165] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NP2232 nmod
level0[5166] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=VGNF32 dobj
level0[5167] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5F32 ChunkId=NP5F32 case
level0[5168] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP6F32 ChunkId=NP6F32 det
level0[5169] :PART ADJ ChunkId=NP6F32 ChunkId=NP6F32 dep
level0[5170] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP232 ChunkId=VGF332 advmod
level0[5171] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8232 ChunkId=VGF332 dobj
level0[5172] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2332 ChunkId=VGNF32 advmod
level0[5173] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP3F32 cc
level0[5174] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[5175] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN32 ChunkId=NP2N32 mark
level0[5176] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=NP2N32 det
level0[5177] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=NP2N32 det
level0[5178] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP4232 nmod
level0[5179] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK332 ChunkId=VGFN32 nsubj
level0[5180] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2332 ChunkId=VGNF32 dobj
level0[5181] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP3332 ChunkId=VGNF32 nmod
level0[5182] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPKN32 ChunkId=NPKN32 case
level0[5183] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3N32 ChunkId=NP3N32 nmod
level0[5184] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3N32 ChunkId=NP3N32 compound
level0[5185] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP4N32 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[5186] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=NP7232 cc
level0[5187] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8332 ChunkId=NP7232 conj
level0[5188] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8332 ChunkId=NP7232 case
level0[5189] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4332 ChunkId=NP4332 compound
level0[5190] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4332 ChunkId=NP4332 case
level0[5191] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5332 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[5192] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6332 ChunkId=NP7332 nmod
level0[5193] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7332 ChunkId=NP7332 case
level0[5194] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP9232 ChunkId=NP1032 nmod
level0[5195] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=NP1032 cc
level0[5196] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP1132 ChunkId=NP1032 conj
level0[5197] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1132 ChunkId=NP1032 case
level0[5198] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1332 ChunkId=NP1332 case
level0[5199] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK332 ChunkId=VGF332 punct
level0[5200] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP332 ChunkId=VGF332 nmod
level0[5201] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6332 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[5202] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7332 ChunkId=VGF232 dobj
level0[5203] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP8332 ChunkId=NP8332 compound
level0[5204] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 dep
level0[5205] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=NP4232 cop
level0[5206] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=VGF332 dobj
level0[5207] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=VGF432 mark
level0[5208] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7332 ChunkId=VGF432 nsubj
level0[5209] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8332 ChunkId=NP9332 nmod
level0[5210] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP332 ChunkId=VGF432 advmod
level0[5211] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK432 ChunkId=VGF232 punct
level0[5212] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK432 ChunkId=NPK432 compound
level0[5213] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK432 ChunkId=NPK432 case
level0[5214] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NPK432 ChunkId=NPK432 dep
level0[5215] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2432 ChunkId=VGF432 dobj
level0[5216] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP432 ChunkId=VGF232 mark
level0[5217] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3432 ChunkId=NP3432 compound
level0[5218] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3432 ChunkId=NP3432 case
level0[5219] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4432 ChunkId=NP4432 case
level0[5220] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6432 ChunkId=NP6432 amod
level0[5221] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6432 ChunkId=NP6432 case
level0[5222] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7432 ChunkId=VGF232 compound
level0[5223] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=VGF432 punct
level0[5224] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=NP5232 conj
level0[5225] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=NP5232 case
level0[5226] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=VGF232 dobj
level0[5227] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7232 ChunkId=VGF232 compound
level0[5228] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9F32 ChunkId=VGNN32 dobj
level0[5229] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1132 ChunkId=VGF332 nsubj
level0[5230] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP1232 ChunkId=VGF432 nsubj
level0[5231] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1332 ChunkId=VGF432 iobj
level0[5232] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP1432 ChunkId=NP1432 amod
level0[5233] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPK432 ChunkId=NPK432 punct
level0[5234] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2432 ChunkId=NP2432 compound
level0[5235] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2432 ChunkId=NP2432 case
level0[5236] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3432 ChunkId=VGF432 dobj
level0[5237] :SCONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP432 ChunkId=NP5432 mark
level0[5238] :ADV PROPN ChunkId=NP4432 ChunkId=NP5432 nmod
level0[5239] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP5432 ChunkId=NP5432 nmod
level0[5240] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5432 ChunkId=NP5432 compound
level0[5241] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=NP5432 cop
level0[5242] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP5432 cc
level0[5243] :ADV PROPN ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=NP7232 nmod
level0[5244] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP7232 ChunkId=NP7232 compound
level0[5245] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7232 ChunkId=NP7232 compound
level0[5246] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGF332 ChunkId=NP7232 cop
level0[5247] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK332 ChunkId=VGF432 punct
level0[5248] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP2332 cc
level0[5249] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=JJP232 ChunkId=NP4232 amod
level0[5250] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=NP2N32 case
level0[5251] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=NP2N32 dep
level0[5252] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4N32 ChunkId=NP4N32 case
level0[5253] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[5254] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=VGFN32 nsubj
level0[5255] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPN32 ChunkId=NP4N32 cc
level0[5256] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5N32 ChunkId=NP4N32 conj
level0[5257] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5N32 ChunkId=NP4N32 case
level0[5258] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN32 ChunkId=VGFN32 nsubj
level0[5259] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN32 ChunkId=VGF332 mark
level0[5260] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3N32 ChunkId=VGF232 iobj
level0[5261] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4N32 ChunkId=VGF232 dobj
level0[5262] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=VGF332 nsubj
level0[5263] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP232 ChunkId=VGF332 advmod
level0[5264] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP332 ChunkId=VGNN32 compound
level0[5265] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3N32 ChunkId=NP3N32 amod
level0[5266] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCPF32 ChunkId=JJP222 mark
level0[5267] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP8F32 ChunkId=NP8F32 case
level0[5268] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9F32 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[5269] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=VGFF32 punct
level0[5270] :PART DET ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 dep
level0[5271] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 case
level0[5272] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[5273] :NOUN ADJ ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=JJP222 advmod
level0[5274] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 amod
level0[5275] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[5276] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=VGF322 iobj
level0[5277] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 case
level0[5278] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[5279] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGF322 dobj
level0[5280] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[5281] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NPP222 cc
level0[5282] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NPP222 conj
level0[5283] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=NP6322 punct
level0[5284] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 nmod
level0[5285] :PUNCT SCONJ ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=CCPF22 punct
level0[5286] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPPF22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[5287] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[5288] :DET PROPN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 det
level0[5289] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[5290] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[5291] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 dobj
level0[5292] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[5293] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[5294] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 dep
level0[5295] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[5296] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[5297] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[5298] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=VGF522 mark
level0[5299] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP422 ChunkId=VGF522 compound
level0[5300] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK522 ChunkId=VGFF22 punct
level0[5301] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2522 ChunkId=NP2522 compound
level0[5302] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3522 ChunkId=NP3522 compound
level0[5303] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP522 ChunkId=NP3522 cc
level0[5304] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP4522 ChunkId=NP4522 nmod
level0[5305] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5522 ChunkId=NP5522 compound
level0[5306] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP6522 ChunkId=NP6522 dep
level0[5307] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6522 ChunkId=NP6522 compound
level0[5308] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7522 ChunkId=VGF522 nmod
level0[5309] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3522 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[5310] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP522 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[5311] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 nmod
level0[5312] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP2022 nmod
level0[5313] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=NP1222 compound
level0[5314] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=NP1222 punct
level0[5315] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1422 ChunkId=NP1422 compound
level0[5316] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP1422 ChunkId=NP1422 punct
level0[5317] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP1522 ChunkId=NP2022 nmod
level0[5318] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1622 ChunkId=NP1622 compound
level0[5319] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP1622 ChunkId=NP1622 punct
level0[5320] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=CCP822 ChunkId=NP6N22 cc
level0[5321] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP1922 ChunkId=NP1922 nmod
level0[5322] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1922 ChunkId=NP1922 compound
level0[5323] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1922 ChunkId=NP1922 case
level0[5324] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[5325] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[5326] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP422 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[5327] :DET ADV ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 det
level0[5328] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP4322 punct
level0[5329] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=NP6322 punct
level0[5330] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP4322 cc
level0[5331] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 dep
level0[5332] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 nmod
level0[5333] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NPK222 cop
level0[5334] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nmod
level0[5335] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP5222 case
level0[5336] :NUM PROPN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 nummod
level0[5337] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 punct
level0[5338] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP7222 dislocated
level0[5339] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=NPK222 punct
level0[5340] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nsubj
level0[5341] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 det
level0[5342] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGFNP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 neg
level0[5343] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPNP2 ChunkId=NP4NP2 mark
level0[5344] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=NP4NP2 nsubj
level0[5345] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP4NP2 cop
level0[5346] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPFP2 ChunkId=NP7FP2 cc
level0[5347] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP8FP2 ChunkId=NP8FP2 case
level0[5348] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP9FP2 ChunkId=NP7FP2 case
level0[5349] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=VGF0P2 compound
level0[5350] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF0P2 ChunkId=VGF0P2 auxpass
level0[5351] :PART ADP ChunkId=NPK0P2 ChunkId=NPK0P2 dep
level0[5352] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP20P2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 compound
level0[5353] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPFP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 cc
level0[5354] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP6FP2 ChunkId=NP6FP2 punct
level0[5355] :ADP PART ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=FRAGP2 punct
level0[5356] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 case
level0[5357] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=NP3FP2 compound
level0[5358] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPKFP2 ChunkId=NPKFP2 compound
level0[5359] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 compound
level0[5360] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 case
level0[5361] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 compound
level0[5362] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP8FP2 ChunkId=NP8FP2 case
level0[5363] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP9FP2 ChunkId=NP9FP2 nummod
level0[5364] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 mark
level0[5365] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 nsubj
level0[5366] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 compound
level0[5367] :PART PRON ChunkId=NPK3P2 ChunkId=NPK3P2 dep
level0[5368] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK3P2 ChunkId=NPK3P2 amod
level0[5369] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=NP3NP2 dep
level0[5370] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 compound
level0[5371] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 nsubj
level0[5372] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 dep
level0[5373] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPKFP2 ChunkId=NPKFP2 nummod
level0[5374] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPKFP2 ChunkId=NPKFP2 compound
level0[5375] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=NP3FP2 punct
level0[5376] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPFP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 compound
level0[5377] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGNFP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 acl
level0[5378] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPFP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 cc
level0[5379] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 case
level0[5380] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 dep
level0[5381] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPFP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 compound
level0[5382] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPFP2 ChunkId=NP6FP2 mark
level0[5383] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=NP6FP2 nsubj
level0[5384] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP6FP2 cop
level0[5385] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 compound
level0[5386] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=NP4NP2 case
level0[5387] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPNP2 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[5388] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP9N22 nmod
level0[5389] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=NP9N22 nmod
level0[5390] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP3122 ChunkId=NP3122 compound
level0[5391] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3122 ChunkId=NP3122 compound
level0[5392] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3122 ChunkId=NP3122 case
level0[5393] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP122 ChunkId=NP5122 mark
level0[5394] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP4122 ChunkId=NP4122 nmod
level0[5395] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5122 ChunkId=NP5122 amod
level0[5396] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP5122 cop
level0[5397] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP5122 cc
level0[5398] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[5399] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=VGF122 punct
level0[5400] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 nummod
level0[5401] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=JJPF22 mark
level0[5402] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=JJPF22 nsubj
level0[5403] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=JJPF22 cop
level0[5404] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[5405] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[5406] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[5407] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 nmod
level0[5408] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[5409] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 nummod
level0[5410] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP222 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[5411] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 case
level0[5412] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[5413] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP9322 ChunkId=NP9322 det
level0[5414] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[5415] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP3222 mark
level0[5416] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 amod
level0[5417] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP9N22 mark
level0[5418] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP9N22 cop
level0[5419] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP9N22 cc
level0[5420] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=NP1322 case
level0[5421] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 compound
level0[5422] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=NP1422 nmod
level0[5423] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP1522 ChunkId=NP1522 dep
level0[5424] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPP322 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[5425] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[5426] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP5322 dep
level0[5427] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP322 ChunkId=VGFGP2 nmod
level0[5428] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP3322 dislocated
level0[5429] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2GP2 ChunkId=NP2GP2 det
level0[5430] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3GP2 ChunkId=VGFGP2 compound
level0[5431] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP4GP2 ChunkId=NP4GP2 det
level0[5432] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6GP2 ChunkId=NP6GP2 compound
level0[5433] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7GP2 ChunkId=NP7GP2 case
level0[5434] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP8GP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 iobj
level0[5435] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[5436] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 dobj
level0[5437] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP2P2 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[5438] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[5439] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP8222 mark
level0[5440] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 case
level0[5441] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 case
level0[5442] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NP4N22 nmod
level0[5443] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 conj
level0[5444] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 case
level0[5445] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP9222 mark
level0[5446] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP9222 case
level0[5447] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[5448] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 case
level0[5449] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[5450] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP8F22 nmod
level0[5451] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP8F22 cc
level0[5452] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP4322 cc
level0[5453] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP4322 case
level0[5454] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[5455] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[5456] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 punct
level0[5457] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[5458] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[5459] :ADV DET ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 advmod
level0[5460] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 case
level0[5461] :NOUN ADJ ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=JJP222 nsubj
level0[5462] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 dep
level0[5463] :ADV DET ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 advmod
level0[5464] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP7222 mark
level0[5465] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=NP7222 cop
level0[5466] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=JJP322 cc
level0[5467] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=JJP322 conj
level0[5468] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 dep
level0[5469] :NUM ADJ ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=JJP322 nummod
level0[5470] :NUM ADJ ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=JJP222 nummod
level0[5471] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=NP7322 case
level0[5472] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[5473] :NOUN ADJ ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=JJPF22 nsubj
level0[5474] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 amod
level0[5475] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 dep
level0[5476] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 punct
level0[5477] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 nmod
level0[5478] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 nmod
level0[5479] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP8F22 nmod
level0[5480] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[5481] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP9222 amod
level0[5482] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[5483] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[5484] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP4F22 mark
level0[5485] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 nsubj
level0[5486] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP4F22 cop
level0[5487] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=NP4222 advmod
level0[5488] :PUNCT ADV ChunkId=RBP222 ChunkId=RBP222 punct
level0[5489] :ADV ADV ChunkId=RBP222 ChunkId=RBP222 compound
level0[5490] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[5491] :PART ADJ ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 dep
level0[5492] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[5493] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP5322 amod
level0[5494] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=VGF422 nsubj
level0[5495] :VERB VERB ChunkId=VGNF22 ChunkId=VGNN22 advcl
level0[5496] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4422 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[5497] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=VGF322 dobj
level0[5498] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP4222 conj
level0[5499] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[5500] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[5501] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 nmod
level0[5502] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[5503] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 compound
level0[5504] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP5GP2 ChunkId=NP5GP2 nummod
level0[5505] :NUM VERB ChunkId=NP6GP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[5506] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 dobj
level0[5507] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 cc
level0[5508] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 conj
level0[5509] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 case
level0[5510] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP2P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 xcomp
level0[5511] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=JJP2P2 advmod
level0[5512] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP92P2 cc
level0[5513] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=NP92P2 conj
level0[5514] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP11P2 ChunkId=NP11P2 case
level0[5515] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[5516] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 case
level0[5517] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 cc
level0[5518] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 conj
level0[5519] :ADV VERB ChunkId=VGNNP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 mark
level0[5520] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPPNP2 ChunkId=NPPNP2 amod
level0[5521] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NPPNP2 cc
level0[5522] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NPPNP2 conj
level0[5523] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6NP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 compound
level0[5524] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 dep
level0[5525] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nmod
level0[5526] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPKFP2 ChunkId=NPKFP2 det
level0[5527] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 punct
level0[5528] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=NP3FP2 punct
level0[5529] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 conj
level0[5530] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPFP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 cc
level0[5531] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 amod
level0[5532] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFNP2 ChunkId=NP4NP2 cop
level0[5533] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKNP2 ChunkId=NP4NP2 punct
level0[5534] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 compound
level0[5535] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 compound
level0[5536] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 dobj
level0[5537] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 nmod
level0[5538] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 nummod
level0[5539] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[5540] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[5541] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 punct
level0[5542] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 nmod
level0[5543] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCPF32 ChunkId=JJP132 mark
level0[5544] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP9F32 cc
level0[5545] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=JJP132 cop
level0[5546] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=JJP132 cc
level0[5547] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1232 ChunkId=VGF332 compound
level0[5548] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP432 ChunkId=VGF432 mark
level0[5549] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1332 ChunkId=VGNN32 nsubj
level0[5550] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP232 ChunkId=VGF432 dobj
level0[5551] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF432 ChunkId=VGF432 neg
level0[5552] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK432 ChunkId=VGFF32 punct
level0[5553] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK432 ChunkId=VGF432 nsubj
level0[5554] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP432 ChunkId=JJP432 mark
level0[5555] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3432 ChunkId=NP3432 compound
level0[5556] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP3432 ChunkId=NP3432 punct
level0[5557] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3432 ChunkId=NP3432 case
level0[5558] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP6432 ChunkId=NP6432 dep
level0[5559] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=JJP432 cop
level0[5560] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 nsubj
level0[5561] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 punct
level0[5562] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=VGF332 nsubj
level0[5563] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=VGF332 nmod
level0[5564] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP6232 cc
level0[5565] :PRON PRON ChunkId=NP9332 ChunkId=NP1232 nmod
level0[5566] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP1232 ChunkId=NP1232 case
level0[5567] :VERB PRON ChunkId=VGF432 ChunkId=NP1232 cop
level0[5568] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN32 ChunkId=NP5N22 mark
level0[5569] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=NP5N22 advmod
level0[5570] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=VGF332 mark
level0[5571] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGNN32 iobj
level0[5572] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP8N32 ChunkId=NP8N32 amod
level0[5573] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK332 ChunkId=VGF222 punct
level0[5574] :DET ADJ ChunkId=JJPN32 ChunkId=JJPN32 det
level0[5575] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP3232 nmod
level0[5576] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP5232 dep
level0[5577] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8232 ChunkId=VGF232 dobj
level0[5578] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 amod
level0[5579] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7232 ChunkId=NP7232 nmod
level0[5580] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 nmod
level0[5581] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP2232 cc
level0[5582] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP2232 conj
level0[5583] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP2232 case
level0[5584] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP5232 compound
level0[5585] :PART ADV ChunkId=RBPF22 ChunkId=RBPF22 dep
level0[5586] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 dep
level0[5587] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubjpass
level0[5588] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=NP8322 nmod
level0[5589] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGNF22 ChunkId=NP5F22 acl
level0[5590] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[5591] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4022 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[5592] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPPN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[5593] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 nmod
level0[5594] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[5595] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 nummod
level0[5596] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 amod
level0[5597] :SCONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP3N22 mark
level0[5598] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 punct
level0[5599] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[5600] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[5601] :ADV DET ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 advmod
level0[5602] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPPN22 ChunkId=NPPN22 dep
level0[5603] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[5604] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=VGFN32 cc
level0[5605] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 case
level0[5606] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPN22 ChunkId=VGFN32 advmod
level0[5607] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGNN32 compound
level0[5608] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6N32 ChunkId=VGFN32 compound
level0[5609] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN32 ChunkId=VGFN32 cc
level0[5610] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPPN32 ChunkId=VGFN32 nmod
level0[5611] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNN32 ChunkId=VGNN32 aux
level0[5612] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3N32 ChunkId=NP3N32 compound
level0[5613] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=VGFN32 nsubj
level0[5614] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5N32 ChunkId=VGF232 iobj
level0[5615] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN32 ChunkId=VGF232 compound
level0[5616] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=VGFF32 nsubj
level0[5617] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F32 ChunkId=VGFF32 compound
level0[5618] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKF32 ChunkId=VGFF32 nmod
level0[5619] :PART ADV ChunkId=RBPF32 ChunkId=RBPF32 dep
level0[5620] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFF32 ChunkId=VGFF32 aux
level0[5621] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPKF32 ChunkId=NPKF32 case
level0[5622] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2F32 ChunkId=NP2F32 case
level0[5623] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF32 ChunkId=NP3F32 cc
level0[5624] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F32 ChunkId=VGNN32 compound
level0[5625] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF022 ChunkId=VGF022 auxpass
level0[5626] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP3022 ChunkId=NP3022 punct
level0[5627] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP3022 ChunkId=NP3022 punct
level0[5628] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4022 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[5629] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP6022 ChunkId=NP6022 nmod
level0[5630] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP4322 dislocated
level0[5631] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP9FP2 ChunkId=NP9FP2 compound
level0[5632] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=JJP2P2 advmod
level0[5633] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 case
level0[5634] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 dep
level0[5635] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 dobj
level0[5636] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP7NP2 ChunkId=NP7NP2 case
level0[5637] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP8NP2 ChunkId=NP8NP2 case
level0[5638] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP8NP2 ChunkId=NP8NP2 punct
level0[5639] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 conj
level0[5640] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 compound
level0[5641] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP7NP2 ChunkId=NP7NP2 det
level0[5642] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=JJPNP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 amod
level0[5643] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 compound
level0[5644] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP8FP2 ChunkId=NP8FP2 case
level0[5645] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP9FP2 ChunkId=NP9FP2 det
level0[5646] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 nmod
level0[5647] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGFFP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 punct
level0[5648] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP7FP2 ChunkId=NP7FP2 compound
level0[5649] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP8FP2 ChunkId=NP8FP2 dep
level0[5650] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP11P2 ChunkId=NP11P2 nummod
level0[5651] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP11P2 ChunkId=NP11P2 amod
level0[5652] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 amod
level0[5653] :PROPN PRON ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 nmod
level0[5654] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 nmod
level0[5655] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=NP72P2 cc
level0[5656] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP83P2 ChunkId=NP72P2 conj
level0[5657] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP83P2 ChunkId=NP72P2 case
level0[5658] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NPK3P2 ChunkId=NPK3P2 case
level0[5659] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 nummod
level0[5660] :VERB VERB ChunkId=VGNF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 advcl
level0[5661] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 punct
level0[5662] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 dobj
level0[5663] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPPF22 ChunkId=NPPF22 dep
level0[5664] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 case
level0[5665] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[5666] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGFF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 dep
level0[5667] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1022 case
level0[5668] :PART PRON ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=NPP222 dep
level0[5669] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 dobj
level0[5670] :PUNCT ADV ChunkId=RBPN22 ChunkId=RBPN22 punct
level0[5671] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NPPN22 cc
level0[5672] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NPPN22 case
level0[5673] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[5674] :ADP ADV ChunkId=VGNN22 ChunkId=VGNN22 case
level0[5675] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[5676] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=VGF122 nmod
level0[5677] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 amod
level0[5678] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=VGF122 compound
level0[5679] :PUNCT CONJ ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=CCPF22 punct
level0[5680] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NPPF22 ChunkId=NPPF22 case
level0[5681] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 case
level0[5682] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP9222 mark
level0[5683] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP9222 nsubj
level0[5684] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP2222 conj
level0[5685] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP2222 conj
level0[5686] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=NPP222 nummod
level0[5687] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=NPP222 compound
level0[5688] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 case
level0[5689] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=NP7322 cc
level0[5690] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=NP7322 case
level0[5691] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP422 ChunkId=VGF322 xcomp
level0[5692] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=JJP222 punct
level0[5693] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPP322 ChunkId=NPP322 nummod
level0[5694] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPP322 ChunkId=NPP322 amod
level0[5695] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPP322 ChunkId=NPP322 compound
level0[5696] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP8222 cop
level0[5697] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 acl
level0[5698] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[5699] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 amod
level0[5700] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[5701] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP022 ChunkId=VGF022 cc
level0[5702] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPP022 ChunkId=VGF022 nsubj
level0[5703] :DET ADJ ChunkId=JJP022 ChunkId=JJP022 det
level0[5704] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3022 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[5705] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6022 ChunkId=NP6022 amod
level0[5706] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NPK222 conj
level0[5707] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=VGNN22 acl
level0[5708] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=VGF222 acl
level0[5709] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=JJP422 nsubj
level0[5710] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=VGF322 iobj
level0[5711] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1522 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[5712] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP9222 nmod
level0[5713] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=NP9222 amod
level0[5714] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1022 nmod
level0[5715] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[5716] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP5322 nmod
level0[5717] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP322 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[5718] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[5719] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 nmod
level0[5720] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=NP1222 case
level0[5721] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=NP1322 nmod
level0[5722] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF22 ChunkId=VGF222 xcomp
level0[5723] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=JJP222 nsubj
level0[5724] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGF222 xcomp
level0[5725] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP6322 nmod
level0[5726] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[5727] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=VGF322 dobj
level0[5728] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NPK322 cc
level0[5729] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NPK322 conj
level0[5730] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 nmod
level0[5731] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP4F22 cc
level0[5732] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 conj
level0[5733] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 case
level0[5734] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[5735] :ADV NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NP3222 nmod
level0[5736] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP3222 nsubj
level0[5737] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGF222 iobj
level0[5738] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=JJP222 nsubj
level0[5739] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=JJP222 cc
level0[5740] :ADV NOUN ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NP3322 nmod
level0[5741] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=NP3322 cop
level0[5742] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=NP3322 punct
level0[5743] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[5744] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=NP6322 dep
level0[5745] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[5746] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGF222 acl
level0[5747] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 amod
level0[5748] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[5749] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 dep
level0[5750] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[5751] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPPN22 ChunkId=NPPN22 mark
level0[5752] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 nsubj
level0[5753] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGF222 iobj
level0[5754] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 iobj
level0[5755] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 dobj
level0[5756] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[5757] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[5758] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=VGNN32 dobj
level0[5759] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP4232 nmod
level0[5760] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=VGNF32 dobj
level0[5761] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7F32 ChunkId=VGNN32 dobj
level0[5762] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJPF32 ChunkId=JJPF32 case
level0[5763] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=JJPF32 ChunkId=JJPF32 punct
level0[5764] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4N32 ChunkId=NP4N32 compound
level0[5765] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7N32 ChunkId=NP7N32 case
level0[5766] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=VGF232 nmod
level0[5767] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 nmod
level0[5768] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP5232 nmod
level0[5769] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP6F32 ChunkId=NP6F32 nmod
level0[5770] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP7F32 ChunkId=NP7F32 nummod
level0[5771] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP7F32 ChunkId=NP7F32 amod
level0[5772] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8F32 ChunkId=VGFF32 dobj
level0[5773] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2F32 ChunkId=NP2F32 amod
level0[5774] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF32 ChunkId=NP2F32 cc
level0[5775] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3F32 ChunkId=NP3F32 nmod
level0[5776] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP5F32 ChunkId=NP5F32 nmod
level0[5777] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6F32 ChunkId=NP6F32 case
level0[5778] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 nmod
level0[5779] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NPK122 ChunkId=NPK122 dep
level0[5780] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4122 ChunkId=NP4122 case
level0[5781] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7122 ChunkId=NP7122 case
level0[5782] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2122 ChunkId=VGF122 compound
level0[5783] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP3122 ChunkId=NP3122 det
level0[5784] :DET PROPN ChunkId=NP5122 ChunkId=NP5122 det
level0[5785] :ADV DET ChunkId=JJPF22 ChunkId=JJPF22 advmod
level0[5786] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nsubj
level0[5787] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP2222 dislocated
level0[5788] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 nmod
level0[5789] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP6FP2 ChunkId=NP6FP2 det
level0[5790] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP7FP2 ChunkId=NP7FP2 nummod
level0[5791] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP8FP2 ChunkId=NP8FP2 compound
level0[5792] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP8FP2 ChunkId=NP8FP2 dep
level0[5793] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=NP3FP2 det
level0[5794] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 dep
level0[5795] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 dep
level0[5796] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=NP82P2 nummod
level0[5797] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=NP10P2 dobj
level0[5798] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NPK3P2 ChunkId=NPK3P2 case
level0[5799] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP23P2 ChunkId=NP33P2 nmod
level0[5800] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=VGF222 mark
level0[5801] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP43P2 ChunkId=NP43P2 nmod
level0[5802] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP43P2 cc
level0[5803] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 compound
level0[5804] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP8NP2 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[5805] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=VGF3P2 punct
level0[5806] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP7222 cc
level0[5807] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1422 ChunkId=VGNN32 compound
level0[5808] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF532 ChunkId=VGF532 aux
level0[5809] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK532 ChunkId=VGF532 punct
level0[5810] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK532 ChunkId=NPK532 compound
level0[5811] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK532 ChunkId=NPK532 case
level0[5812] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4F32 ChunkId=VGFF32 nsubj
level0[5813] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGFF32 ChunkId=VGFF32 punct
level0[5814] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7F32 ChunkId=NP7F32 compound
level0[5815] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF32 ChunkId=NP8F32 cc
level0[5816] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP9F32 ChunkId=NP9F32 compound
level0[5817] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9F32 ChunkId=NP8F32 case
level0[5818] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP1332 ChunkId=NP1432 nmod
level0[5819] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NPK232 nmod
level0[5820] :NUM PROPN ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 nummod
level0[5821] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=VGNF32 compound
level0[5822] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NPKF32 ChunkId=NPKF32 amod
level0[5823] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3F32 ChunkId=NP3F32 case
level0[5824] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP6N32 ChunkId=NP6N32 punct
level0[5825] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7N32 ChunkId=NP7N32 compound
level0[5826] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPN32 ChunkId=NP6N32 cc
level0[5827] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP8N32 ChunkId=NP8N32 case
level0[5828] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP9N32 ChunkId=NP9N32 punct
level0[5829] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP9N32 ChunkId=NP9N32 case
level0[5830] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1032 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[5831] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1232 ChunkId=VGF232 dobj
level0[5832] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=VGF232 nmod
level0[5833] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP6232 nmod
level0[5834] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP9232 ChunkId=NP9232 case
level0[5835] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2332 ChunkId=NP2332 compound
level0[5836] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP332 ChunkId=VGNN32 nmod
level0[5837] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN32 ChunkId=VGFN22 mark
level0[5838] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBPN32 ChunkId=VGFN22 advmod
level0[5839] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[5840] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 mark
level0[5841] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=VGF322 dobj
level0[5842] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP5222 conj
level0[5843] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[5844] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[5845] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6022 ChunkId=NP6022 case
level0[5846] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP022 ChunkId=NP1022 mark
level0[5847] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7022 ChunkId=NP7022 case
level0[5848] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8022 ChunkId=NP8022 case
level0[5849] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[5850] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK422 ChunkId=VGF022 punct
level0[5851] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP2422 ChunkId=NP2422 amod
level0[5852] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP4422 ChunkId=NP4422 nummod
level0[5853] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP4422 ChunkId=NP4422 det
level0[5854] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2422 ChunkId=NP2422 nummod
level0[5855] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4422 ChunkId=NP4422 compound
level0[5856] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5422 ChunkId=NP5422 case
level0[5857] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP6422 ChunkId=NP6422 punct
level0[5858] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP7422 ChunkId=NP6422 conj
level0[5859] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP422 ChunkId=NP6422 cc
level0[5860] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8422 ChunkId=NP8422 case
level0[5861] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP2422 ChunkId=NP2422 punct
level0[5862] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP8422 ChunkId=NP8422 punct
level0[5863] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP9422 ChunkId=NP1022 nmod
level0[5864] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP022 ChunkId=NP8422 cc
level0[5865] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1222 nmod
level0[5866] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=NP1222 case
level0[5867] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP6322 cc
level0[5868] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=VGNN22 iobj
level0[5869] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8322 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[5870] :PART ADP ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=NPP222 dep
level0[5871] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 nummod
level0[5872] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP9222 punct
level0[5873] :NOUN PRON ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=NP9222 conj
level0[5874] :CONJ PRON ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP9222 cc
level0[5875] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1522 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[5876] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP522 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[5877] :VERB PRON ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP2222 cop
level0[5878] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP2222 punct
level0[5879] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 nmod
level0[5880] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=NP9N22 cop
level0[5881] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN22 ChunkId=NP9N22 punct
level0[5882] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 dobj
level0[5883] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=NP1122 nmod
level0[5884] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=JJP222 advmod
level0[5885] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=NP1322 case
level0[5886] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP1322 cc
level0[5887] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP1522 ChunkId=NP1522 nummod
level0[5888] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP1522 ChunkId=NP1522 compound
level0[5889] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1722 ChunkId=NP1322 case
level0[5890] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1822 ChunkId=NP1822 case
level0[5891] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1922 ChunkId=NP1922 case
level0[5892] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGF122 nsubj
level0[5893] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 aux
level0[5894] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 case
level0[5895] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=NPK122 ChunkId=NPK122 punct
level0[5896] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2122 ChunkId=VGF122 nsubj
level0[5897] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP5122 ChunkId=NP5122 nummod
level0[5898] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6122 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[5899] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP7122 ChunkId=NP7122 amod
level0[5900] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7122 ChunkId=NP7122 case
level0[5901] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP7122 ChunkId=NP7122 dep
level0[5902] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8122 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[5903] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 amod
level0[5904] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP5222 conj
level0[5905] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=NP9N22 punct
level0[5906] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKGP2 ChunkId=VGFGP2 nsubj
level0[5907] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP3GP2 ChunkId=NP3GP2 nummod
level0[5908] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 punct
level0[5909] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP7FP2 ChunkId=NP7FP2 amod
level0[5910] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8FP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 dobj
level0[5911] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 conj
level0[5912] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 case
level0[5913] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP8FP2 ChunkId=JJPFP2 advmod
level0[5914] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP9FP2 ChunkId=NP10P2 nmod
level0[5915] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP12P2 ChunkId=NP12P2 compound
level0[5916] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP13P2 ChunkId=NP14P2 nmod
level0[5917] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 cc
level0[5918] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP15P2 ChunkId=NP16P2 nmod
level0[5919] :ADP VERB ChunkId=NP16P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 mark
level0[5920] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK7P2 ChunkId=VGF7P2 punct
level0[5921] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK7P2 ChunkId=NPK7P2 compound
level0[5922] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK7P2 ChunkId=NPK7P2 case
level0[5923] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP7P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 mark
level0[5924] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP27P2 ChunkId=NP27P2 compound
level0[5925] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP27P2 ChunkId=NP27P2 case
level0[5926] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP37P2 ChunkId=NP37P2 case
level0[5927] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP47P2 ChunkId=NP47P2 det
level0[5928] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP47P2 ChunkId=NP47P2 amod
level0[5929] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=VGF7P2 punct
level0[5930] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 compound
level0[5931] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=NP4NP2 mark
level0[5932] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPNP2 ChunkId=NP4NP2 cc
level0[5933] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 mark
level0[5934] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[5935] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=VGF322 xcomp
level0[5936] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP6322 cc
level0[5937] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[5938] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[5939] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 dobj
level0[5940] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 case
level0[5941] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=VGF022 iobj
level0[5942] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2022 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[5943] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP322 ChunkId=VGF222 advmod
level0[5944] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP1122 nsubj
level0[5945] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=JJP422 cc
level0[5946] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP522 ChunkId=JJP422 conj
level0[5947] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP4N22 cc
level0[5948] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP4N22 conj
level0[5949] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP4N22 case
level0[5950] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 case
level0[5951] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP2N22 punct
level0[5952] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=JJP222 mark
level0[5953] :ADV NOUN ChunkId=RBP322 ChunkId=NP4322 nmod
level0[5954] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 dep
level0[5955] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 dep
level0[5956] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP4322 cop
level0[5957] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 case
level0[5958] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=JJPN22 nmod
level0[5959] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[5960] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 nmod
level0[5961] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubjpass
level0[5962] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 punct
level0[5963] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 compound
level0[5964] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=NP8N22 cop
level0[5965] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NP2322 nmod
level0[5966] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=NP7322 det
level0[5967] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=NP7322 cop
level0[5968] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=NP7322 punct
level0[5969] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 punct
level0[5970] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP8322 ChunkId=NP8322 dep
level0[5971] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF022 nmod
level0[5972] :DET PROPN ChunkId=NPK022 ChunkId=NPK022 det
level0[5973] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2022 ChunkId=NP2022 case
level0[5974] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP4022 ChunkId=NP4022 punct
level0[5975] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5022 ChunkId=VGF022 compound
level0[5976] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPK022 ChunkId=NPK022 case
level0[5977] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2022 ChunkId=VGF022 nsubj
level0[5978] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP3022 ChunkId=NP3022 punct
level0[5979] :PUNCT PUNCT ChunkId=NP3022 ChunkId=NP3022 punct
level0[5980] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP022 ChunkId=NP3022 cc
level0[5981] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP5022 ChunkId=NP5022 punct
level0[5982] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5022 ChunkId=NP5022 compound
level0[5983] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP5022 ChunkId=NP5022 dep
level0[5984] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP6022 ChunkId=NP6022 dep
level0[5985] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7022 ChunkId=VGF022 dobj
level0[5986] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPK022 ChunkId=NPK022 dep
level0[5987] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2022 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[5988] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP3022 ChunkId=NP4022 nmod
level0[5989] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[5990] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 punct
level0[5991] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8N32 ChunkId=VGNN42 dobj
level0[5992] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN42 ChunkId=VGNN42 cc
level0[5993] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP9N42 ChunkId=NP1042 nmod
level0[5994] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1142 ChunkId=NP1142 case
level0[5995] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1242 ChunkId=VGNN52 compound
level0[5996] :ADP VERB ChunkId=VGNN52 ChunkId=VGNN42 mark
level0[5997] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1352 ChunkId=VGNN62 dobj
level0[5998] :ADP VERB ChunkId=VGNN62 ChunkId=VGNN62 mark
level0[5999] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF462 ChunkId=VGF462 aux
level0[6000] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK462 ChunkId=VGF462 punct
level0[6001] :DET PROPN ChunkId=NPK462 ChunkId=NPK462 det
level0[6002] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK462 ChunkId=NPK462 case
level0[6003] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP2462 ChunkId=NP2462 advmod
level0[6004] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2462 ChunkId=NP2462 case
level0[6005] :VERB NUM ChunkId=VGF462 ChunkId=NP3462 cop
level0[6006] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=BLK462 ChunkId=NP3462 punct
level0[6007] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK462 ChunkId=VGF462 dobj
level0[6008] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP2462 ChunkId=NP2462 compound
level0[6009] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2462 ChunkId=NP2462 case
level0[6010] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK462 ChunkId=NP2462 nmod
level0[6011] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2462 ChunkId=NP2462 compound
level0[6012] :NUM ADJ ChunkId=JJP462 ChunkId=JJP462 nummod
level0[6013] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF462 ChunkId=JJP462 cop
level0[6014] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK462 ChunkId=JJP462 punct
level0[6015] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2462 ChunkId=NP2462 nummod
level0[6016] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF462 ChunkId=NP2462 cop
level0[6017] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP462 ChunkId=NP2462 cc
level0[6018] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3462 ChunkId=NP3462 amod
level0[6019] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3462 ChunkId=NP3462 compound
level0[6020] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3462 ChunkId=NP3462 case
level0[6021] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP4N62 ChunkId=NP4N62 nummod
level0[6022] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4N62 ChunkId=NP4N62 compound
level0[6023] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK262 ChunkId=NP2462 punct
level0[6024] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK262 ChunkId=NPK262 amod
level0[6025] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=JJP262 ChunkId=JJP262 advmod
level0[6026] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF262 ChunkId=JJP262 cop
level0[6027] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK262 ChunkId=JJP262 punct
level0[6028] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK262 ChunkId=VGNN62 nmod
level0[6029] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2N62 ChunkId=NP2N62 nummod
level0[6030] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2N62 ChunkId=NP2N62 case
level0[6031] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4N62 ChunkId=NP4N62 amod
level0[6032] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4N62 ChunkId=NP4N62 case
level0[6033] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5N62 ChunkId=NP5N62 case
level0[6034] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN62 ChunkId=VGFN62 compound
level0[6035] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFN62 ChunkId=VGFN62 aux
level0[6036] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKN62 ChunkId=VGFN62 punct
level0[6037] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPKN62 ChunkId=NPKN62 compound
level0[6038] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPKN62 ChunkId=NPKN62 case
level0[6039] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2N62 ChunkId=NP2N62 amod
level0[6040] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP5N62 ChunkId=NP5N62 det
level0[6041] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5N62 ChunkId=NP5N62 amod
level0[6042] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6N62 ChunkId=NP6N62 compound
level0[6043] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6N62 ChunkId=NP6N62 case
level0[6044] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7N62 ChunkId=NP7N62 case
level0[6045] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN62 ChunkId=NP5N62 cop
level0[6046] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP8N62 ChunkId=VGF262 dobj
level0[6047] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP9N62 ChunkId=NP9N62 compound
level0[6048] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP9N62 ChunkId=NP9N62 dep
level0[6049] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF262 ChunkId=VGF262 auxpass
level0[6050] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK262 ChunkId=NP5N62 punct
level0[6051] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK262 ChunkId=NP3GP2 nsubj
level0[6052] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPGP2 ChunkId=FRAGP2 cc
level0[6053] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=FRAGP2 conj
level0[6054] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFGP2 ChunkId=NP3GP2 cop
level0[6055] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKGP2 ChunkId=NP3GP2 punct
level0[6056] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKGP2 ChunkId=NP3GP2 nsubj
level0[6057] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP3GP2 ChunkId=NP3GP2 amod
level0[6058] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPKGP2 ChunkId=NPKGP2 amod
level0[6059] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2GP2 ChunkId=NP5GP2 nsubj
level0[6060] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPGP2 ChunkId=NP3GP2 cc
level0[6061] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKGP2 ChunkId=VGFGP2 dobj
level0[6062] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP2GP2 ChunkId=NP2GP2 compound
level0[6063] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 det
level0[6064] :NOUN ADP ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 case
level0[6065] :PUNCT ADP ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 punct
level0[6066] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 case
level0[6067] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=NP3FP2 amod
level0[6068] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 dobj
level0[6069] :PART DET ChunkId=JJPFP2 ChunkId=JJPFP2 dep
level0[6070] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 punct
level0[6071] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 compound
level0[6072] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 punct
level0[6073] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP6FP2 ChunkId=NP6FP2 punct
level0[6074] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCPFP2 ChunkId=JJPFP2 cc
level0[6075] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP2P2 ChunkId=JJPFP2 conj
level0[6076] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=NP82P2 punct
level0[6077] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 cc
level0[6078] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=JJP3P2 cc
level0[6079] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP4P2 ChunkId=JJP3P2 conj
level0[6080] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP12P2 ChunkId=NP12P2 dep
level0[6081] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 cop
level0[6082] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 punct
level0[6083] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 nmod
level0[6084] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP72P2 nmod
level0[6085] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 nsubj
level0[6086] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 punct
level0[6087] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 dep
level0[6088] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 cop
level0[6089] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 cc
level0[6090] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPP3P2 ChunkId=NPP3P2 det
level0[6091] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP23P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[6092] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nmod
level0[6093] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 conj
level0[6094] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 punct
level0[6095] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 punct
level0[6096] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 case
level0[6097] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPKFP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 nsubj
level0[6098] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NPKFP2 ChunkId=JJPFP2 nsubj
level0[6099] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGFFP2 ChunkId=JJPFP2 cop
level0[6100] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLKFP2 ChunkId=JJPFP2 punct
level0[6101] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKFP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 nmod
level0[6102] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFFP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 cop
level0[6103] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nmod
level0[6104] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7FP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 conj
level0[6105] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP8FP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 conj
level0[6106] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=JJPFP2 ChunkId=NP10P2 amod
level0[6107] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=NP10P2 compound
level0[6108] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 dep
level0[6109] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPKFP2 ChunkId=NPKFP2 amod
level0[6110] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nsubj
level0[6111] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 nsubj
level0[6112] :NOUN NUM ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 nmod
level0[6113] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 case
level0[6114] :CONJ NUM ChunkId=CCPFP2 ChunkId=NP6FP2 cc
level0[6115] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP7FP2 ChunkId=NP7FP2 case
level0[6116] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP8FP2 ChunkId=NP8FP2 nummod
level0[6117] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKFP2 ChunkId=NP3FP2 nsubj
level0[6118] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFFP2 ChunkId=NP3FP2 cop
level0[6119] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=JJPFP2 nsubj
level0[6120] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=JJPFP2 cop
level0[6121] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=NP3FP2 punct
level0[6122] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 cop
level0[6123] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP82P2 nummod
level0[6124] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP72P2 nmod
level0[6125] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=NP82P2 dep
level0[6126] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 punct
level0[6127] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 nsubj
level0[6128] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP6FP2 ChunkId=NP6FP2 case
level0[6129] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=CCPFP2 ChunkId=NP3FP2 cc
level0[6130] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=NP3FP2 conj
level0[6131] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=VGF0P2 nmod
level0[6132] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=VGF0P2 nsubj
level0[6133] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=VGF0P2 cc
level0[6134] :VERB VERB ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=VGF0P2 conj
level0[6135] :AUX AUX ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=FRAGP2 conj
level0[6136] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKGP2 ChunkId=VGF0P2 punct
level0[6137] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP3GP2 ChunkId=NP3GP2 dep
level0[6138] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2GP2 ChunkId=NP2GP2 nummod
level0[6139] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFGP2 ChunkId=NP4GP2 cop
level0[6140] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKGP2 ChunkId=NP4GP2 punct
level0[6141] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBPGP2 ChunkId=VGFGP2 advmod
level0[6142] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3GP2 ChunkId=NPKGP2 conj
level0[6143] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPGP2 ChunkId=NPKGP2 cc
level0[6144] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4GP2 ChunkId=NPKGP2 conj
level0[6145] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4GP2 ChunkId=NPKGP2 case
level0[6146] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFGP2 ChunkId=NP6GP2 cop
level0[6147] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKGP2 ChunkId=NP6GP2 punct
level0[6148] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPKGP2 ChunkId=NPKGP2 punct
level0[6149] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2GP2 ChunkId=NP2GP2 compound
level0[6150] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFGP2 ChunkId=NP2GP2 cop
level0[6151] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKGP2 ChunkId=NP2GP2 punct
level0[6152] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPGP2 ChunkId=NP2GP2 cc
level0[6153] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3GP2 ChunkId=NP2GP2 conj
level0[6154] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3GP2 ChunkId=NP2GP2 case
level0[6155] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP5GP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 nmod
level0[6156] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP7NP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 nmod
level0[6157] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPFP2 ChunkId=NPKFP2 cc
level0[6158] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP8FP2 ChunkId=NP8FP2 punct
level0[6159] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP9FP2 ChunkId=NPKFP2 conj
level0[6160] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NPKFP2 cc
level0[6161] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF1P2 ChunkId=NP11P2 cop
level0[6162] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK1P2 ChunkId=NP11P2 punct
level0[6163] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGNNP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 punct
level0[6164] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPNNP2 ChunkId=NPNNP2 compound
level0[6165] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPNNP2 ChunkId=NPNNP2 case
level0[6166] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nmod
level0[6167] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 dep
level0[6168] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nsubj
level0[6169] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nmod
level0[6170] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=NP4NP2 dep
level0[6171] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=CCPNP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 cc
level0[6172] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5NP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[6173] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6NP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nmod
level0[6174] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 nsubjpass
level0[6175] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP83P2 ChunkId=NP83P2 compound
level0[6176] :PUNCT ADP ChunkId=NP83P2 ChunkId=NP83P2 punct
level0[6177] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP93P2 ChunkId=NP93P2 case
level0[6178] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK0P2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 punct
level0[6179] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP0P2 ChunkId=NP20P2 cc
level0[6180] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP30P2 ChunkId=NP20P2 conj
level0[6181] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP30P2 ChunkId=NP20P2 case
level0[6182] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP40P2 ChunkId=NP40P2 case
level0[6183] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP50P2 ChunkId=NP50P2 case
level0[6184] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP60P2 ChunkId=NP60P2 dep
level0[6185] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK0P2 ChunkId=NPK0P2 case
level0[6186] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP20P2 ChunkId=NP20P2 compound
level0[6187] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP20P2 ChunkId=NP20P2 case
level0[6188] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP30P2 ChunkId=NP30P2 nmod
level0[6189] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 det
level0[6190] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6FP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 compound
level0[6191] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPKFP2 ChunkId=NPKFP2 punct
level0[6192] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=NP3FP2 nmod
level0[6193] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 compound
level0[6194] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NPKFP2 ChunkId=NPKFP2 case
level0[6195] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPFP2 ChunkId=NP3FP2 cc
level0[6196] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NPKFP2 ChunkId=JJPFP2 nmod
level0[6197] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 compound
level0[6198] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPFP2 ChunkId=NPKFP2 cc
level0[6199] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=NPKFP2 conj
level0[6200] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=NPKFP2 case
level0[6201] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 amod
level0[6202] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGNFP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 dep
level0[6203] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 compound
level0[6204] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 nmod
level0[6205] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7FP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nmod
level0[6206] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP8FP2 ChunkId=NP8FP2 amod
level0[6207] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP9FP2 ChunkId=NP9FP2 advmod
level0[6208] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 nmod
level0[6209] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFFP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 cop
level0[6210] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKFP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 punct
level0[6211] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPFP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 advmod
level0[6212] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPPFP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 dobj
level0[6213] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKFP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 nmod
level0[6214] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 nmod
level0[6215] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPFP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 cc
level0[6216] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6FP2 ChunkId=NP6FP2 amod
level0[6217] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8FP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 compound
level0[6218] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 dobj
level0[6219] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=JJPNP2 ChunkId=JJPNP2 advmod
level0[6220] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 dobj
level0[6221] :NOUN ADP ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=NPKNP2 nmod
level0[6222] :PUNCT ADP ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=NPKNP2 punct
level0[6223] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=NPKNP2 case
level0[6224] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJPNP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 advmod
level0[6225] :PART AUX ChunkId=VGNFP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 dep
level0[6226] :VERB VERB ChunkId=VGFFP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 cop
level0[6227] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=NP3FP2 case
level0[6228] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 dobj
level0[6229] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 punct
level0[6230] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 nmod
level0[6231] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=NPKNP2 case
level0[6232] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 compound
level0[6233] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=NPKNP2 det
level0[6234] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 punct
level0[6235] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 compound
level0[6236] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFNP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 cop
level0[6237] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[6238] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=NP5NP2 nmod
level0[6239] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 punct
level0[6240] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 nsubj
level0[6241] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 punct
level0[6242] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5NP2 ChunkId=NP6NP2 nmod
level0[6243] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7NP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nmod
level0[6244] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPNP2 ChunkId=NP3NP2 cc
level0[6245] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=NP3NP2 conj
level0[6246] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=NP3NP2 case
level0[6247] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 dobj
level0[6248] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 dobj
level0[6249] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 amod
level0[6250] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 compound
level0[6251] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP6FP2 ChunkId=NP6FP2 nmod
level0[6252] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6FP2 ChunkId=NP3NP2 case
level0[6253] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPPFP2 ChunkId=NPPFP2 case
level0[6254] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 punct
level0[6255] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 compound
level0[6256] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7NP2 ChunkId=NP7NP2 compound
level0[6257] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7NP2 ChunkId=NP7NP2 case
level0[6258] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP8NP2 ChunkId=NP8NP2 det
level0[6259] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 nmod
level0[6260] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP5NP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 nmod
level0[6261] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6NP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 dobj
level0[6262] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 compound
level0[6263] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[6264] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=JJPF22 advmod
level0[6265] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 cc
level0[6266] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 dep
level0[6267] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[6268] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 cc
level0[6269] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 case
level0[6270] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBPF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 advmod
level0[6271] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPFF22 ChunkId=NPFF22 nummod
level0[6272] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPFF22 ChunkId=NPFF22 case
level0[6273] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 case
level0[6274] :VERB PRON ChunkId=VGFF22 ChunkId=NP3F22 cop
level0[6275] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP5F22 cc
level0[6276] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 conj
level0[6277] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 case
level0[6278] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP3F22 punct
level0[6279] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NPK222 conj
level0[6280] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP6222 nsubj
level0[6281] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGF222 advmod
level0[6282] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=VGF222 cc
level0[6283] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[6284] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[6285] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[6286] :PART DET ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 dep
level0[6287] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP2F22 cc
level0[6288] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP2F22 conj
level0[6289] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP2F22 case
level0[6290] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP4222 conj
level0[6291] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK122 ChunkId=NP2122 nmod
level0[6292] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2122 ChunkId=NP2122 case
level0[6293] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP3122 ChunkId=NP3122 nummod
level0[6294] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4122 ChunkId=NP4122 amod
level0[6295] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF122 ChunkId=NP4122 cop
level0[6296] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5122 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[6297] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6122 ChunkId=NP6122 compound
level0[6298] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP4122 punct
level0[6299] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NP1022 nmod
level0[6300] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF022 ChunkId=NP1022 cop
level0[6301] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK022 ChunkId=NP1022 punct
level0[6302] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP022 ChunkId=NPK022 cc
level0[6303] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2022 ChunkId=NPK022 conj
level0[6304] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2022 ChunkId=NPK022 case
level0[6305] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[6306] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[6307] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[6308] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP6N22 punct
level0[6309] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[6310] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 case
level0[6311] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=JJP222 nmod
level0[6312] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[6313] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[6314] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 dobj
level0[6315] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[6316] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP8222 nsubj
level0[6317] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP8222 nmod
level0[6318] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[6319] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NPK222 case
level0[6320] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 dep
level0[6321] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP3F22 nummod
level0[6322] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGNF22 ChunkId=NP3F22 acl
level0[6323] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 dobj
level0[6324] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 dep
level0[6325] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[6326] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPF22 ChunkId=VGF222 advmod
level0[6327] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[6328] :ADV ADV ChunkId=RBP222 ChunkId=RBP222 nsubj
level0[6329] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 dep
level0[6330] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[6331] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 case
level0[6332] :ADJ ADV ChunkId=NPPF22 ChunkId=NPPF22 amod
level0[6333] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[6334] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP2F22 punct
level0[6335] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[6336] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 case
level0[6337] :PART DET ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 dep
level0[6338] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP2N22 conj
level0[6339] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=NP7322 compound
level0[6340] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=NP7322 punct
level0[6341] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=VGF222 advmod
level0[6342] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPNF22 ChunkId=NP2F22 nmod
level0[6343] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NPPF22 ChunkId=NPPF22 case
level0[6344] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 amod
level0[6345] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NP4GP2 nsubj
level0[6346] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP2F22 dislocated
level0[6347] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2GP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 acl
level0[6348] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3GP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nsubj
level0[6349] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPGP2 ChunkId=NP4GP2 cc
level0[6350] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7GP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 dobj
level0[6351] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=NP3NP2 dep
level0[6352] :DET ADJ ChunkId=JJPNP2 ChunkId=JJPNP2 det
level0[6353] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLKNP2 ChunkId=JJPNP2 punct
level0[6354] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NPPNP2 ChunkId=JJP2P2 nsubj
level0[6355] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 punct
level0[6356] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 cc
level0[6357] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=NP73P2 mark
level0[6358] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP53P2 ChunkId=NP73P2 nsubj
level0[6359] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP63P2 ChunkId=NP73P2 nmod
level0[6360] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP73P2 cop
level0[6361] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=NP73P2 punct
level0[6362] :VERB PRON ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 cop
level0[6363] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 case
level0[6364] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 punct
level0[6365] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=JJP2P2 punct
level0[6366] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 mark
level0[6367] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPP2P2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nsubj
level0[6368] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=VGNN22 iobj
level0[6369] :DET PRON ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 det
level0[6370] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=NP3222 nsubj
level0[6371] :CONJ CONJ ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=CCP222 punct
level0[6372] :SCONJ CONJ ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=CCP222 punct
level0[6373] :DET ADJ ChunkId=JJPF22 ChunkId=JJPF22 det
level0[6374] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[6375] :PART DET ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=JJP222 dep
level0[6376] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[6377] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 amod
level0[6378] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[6379] :NUM PROPN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 nummod
level0[6380] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 dep
level0[6381] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=VGF222 dep
level0[6382] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=VGFN22 mark
level0[6383] :PROPN  ChunkId=NPK222  root
level0[6384] :NOUN PRON ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NPK222 conj
level0[6385] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NPK222 cc
level0[6386] :NOUN PRON ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NPK222 conj
level0[6387] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[6388] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 det
level0[6389] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 punct
level0[6390] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 dep
level0[6391] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=JJPF22 ChunkId=JJPF22 advmod
level0[6392] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP6F22 cc
level0[6393] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 acl
level0[6394] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[6395] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 case
level0[6396] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=VGF222 iobj
level0[6397] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[6398] :ADV DET ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=JJP222 advmod
level0[6399] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[6400] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 dobj
level0[6401] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP4222 nsubj
level0[6402] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=JJP222 nmod
level0[6403] :NOUN ADV ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 punct
level0[6404] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[6405] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGF122 nsubj
level0[6406] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP4222 cc
level0[6407] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2122 ChunkId=NP2122 nummod
level0[6408] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2122 ChunkId=NP2122 amod
level0[6409] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=JJP122 ChunkId=JJP122 punct
level0[6410] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=JJP122 conj
level0[6411] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=JJP122 cc
level0[6412] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=JJP122 conj
level0[6413] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=JJP322 mark
level0[6414] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[6415] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=VGFN22 mark
level0[6416] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPPF22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[6417] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[6418] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[6419] :PUNCT ADP ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 punct
level0[6420] :NOUN ADP ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 compound
level0[6421] :PART ADP ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 dep
level0[6422] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[6423] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPF22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[6424] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 advmod
level0[6425] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 nmod
level0[6426] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[6427] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[6428] :PUNCT ADP ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 punct
level0[6429] :NOUN ADP ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 compound
level0[6430] :ADJ ADV ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=NPP222 amod
level0[6431] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP222 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[6432] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPF22 ChunkId=VGNN22 advmod
level0[6433] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGNF32 ChunkId=VGNF32 dep
level0[6434] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF32 ChunkId=VGFF32 xcomp
level0[6435] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP1332 ChunkId=NP1432 nsubj
level0[6436] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP1432 ChunkId=NP1432 nsubj
level0[6437] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=VGF332 nsubj
level0[6438] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP232 ChunkId=VGNF32 compound
level0[6439] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP7F32 ChunkId=NP7F32 case
level0[6440] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK332 ChunkId=VGF332 nmod
level0[6441] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2332 ChunkId=VGF332 nsubj
level0[6442] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3332 ChunkId=NP4332 nmod
level0[6443] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5332 ChunkId=NP5332 case
level0[6444] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6332 ChunkId=NP6332 compound
level0[6445] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7332 ChunkId=NP7332 case
level0[6446] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP3332 ChunkId=NP3332 dep
level0[6447] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3332 ChunkId=NP3332 dep
level0[6448] :CONJ NUM ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=NP3332 cc
level0[6449] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4332 ChunkId=VGF232 nmod
level0[6450] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP5332 ChunkId=NP5332 det
level0[6451] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP6332 ChunkId=NP6332 dep
level0[6452] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP6332 ChunkId=NP6332 dep
level0[6453] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=NP3332 punct
level0[6454] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP5232 nsubj
level0[6455] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=NP5232 cop
level0[6456] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=NP5232 punct
level0[6457] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP3F32 ChunkId=NP3F32 case
level0[6458] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF32 ChunkId=NP4F32 cc
level0[6459] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5F32 ChunkId=NP4F32 conj
level0[6460] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF32 ChunkId=VGFF32 compound
level0[6461] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPKF32 ChunkId=NPKF32 case
level0[6462] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2F32 ChunkId=NP2F32 compound
level0[6463] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP4F32 ChunkId=NP4F32 nummod
level0[6464] :PUNCT ADV ChunkId=RBPF32 ChunkId=RBPF32 punct
level0[6465] :ADV ADV ChunkId=RBPF32 ChunkId=RBPF32 compound
level0[6466] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2F32 ChunkId=VGFF32 nsubj
level0[6467] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPKF32 ChunkId=NPKF32 det
level0[6468] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2F32 ChunkId=VGNF32 compound
level0[6469] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPF32 ChunkId=VGFF32 cc
level0[6470] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6F32 ChunkId=VGF232 iobj
level0[6471] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP8232 ChunkId=NP8232 compound
level0[6472] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP4F32 ChunkId=NP4F32 case
level0[6473] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2F32 ChunkId=VGF232 iobj
level0[6474] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBPF32 ChunkId=VGF232 advmod
level0[6475] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP232 ChunkId=VGF232 acl
level0[6476] :PART ADV ChunkId=NP4F32 ChunkId=NP4F32 dep
level0[6477] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=VGF232 vocative
level0[6478] :DET PRON ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 det
level0[6479] :VERB PRON ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=NP3232 cop
level0[6480] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=NP3232 punct
level0[6481] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=VGFN32 nmod
level0[6482] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=VGFN32 nsubj
level0[6483] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN32 ChunkId=VGFN32 compound
level0[6484] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPKN32 ChunkId=NPKN32 case
level0[6485] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=NP4N32 nmod
level0[6486] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP3N32 ChunkId=NP3N32 amod
level0[6487] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN32 ChunkId=NP4N32 punct
level0[6488] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKN32 ChunkId=NP4N32 nsubj
level0[6489] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN32 ChunkId=NP2N32 cc
level0[6490] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4N32 ChunkId=NP4N32 amod
level0[6491] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPKN32 ChunkId=NPKN32 det
level0[6492] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPKN32 ChunkId=NPKN32 compound
level0[6493] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=NP2N32 advmod
level0[6494] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN32 ChunkId=NP2N32 cop
level0[6495] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3N32 ChunkId=VGF232 nmod
level0[6496] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4N32 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[6497] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=NP2N32 punct
level0[6498] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP5232 compound
level0[6499] :ADV NOUN ChunkId=RBP232 ChunkId=NP2232 advmod
level0[6500] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPP232 ChunkId=NP2232 nsubj
level0[6501] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=VGNF32 iobj
level0[6502] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP8F32 ChunkId=NP8F32 amod
level0[6503] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=NP2232 punct
level0[6504] :PRON PRON ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NP3232 nmod
level0[6505] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP4232 case
level0[6506] :VERB NUM ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=NP5232 cop
level0[6507] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=VGNF32 nmod
level0[6508] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP4F32 ChunkId=NP4F32 case
level0[6509] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP4F32 ChunkId=NP4F32 punct
level0[6510] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPF32 ChunkId=VGFF32 compound
level0[6511] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2F32 ChunkId=VGFF32 nsubj
level0[6512] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5F32 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[6513] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8N32 ChunkId=NP9N32 nmod
level0[6514] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 punct
level0[6515] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2F32 ChunkId=VGNN32 nmod
level0[6516] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJPN32 ChunkId=VGF332 dobj
level0[6517] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP332 ChunkId=JJP232 conj
level0[6518] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPP232 ChunkId=NPP232 compound
level0[6519] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=NP4232 punct
level0[6520] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 det
level0[6521] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=NP2232 cop
level0[6522] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NPK232 cc
level0[6523] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NPK232 conj
level0[6524] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=VGNF32 compound
level0[6525] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5F32 ChunkId=NP5F32 compound
level0[6526] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKF32 ChunkId=VGNF32 nmod
level0[6527] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3F32 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[6528] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4F32 ChunkId=NP4F32 compound
level0[6529] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 dep
level0[6530] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP5232 case
level0[6531] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP2232 cc
level0[6532] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP2232 case
level0[6533] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[6534] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=VGNN32 nmod
level0[6535] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=NP2N32 punct
level0[6536] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=JJPN32 ChunkId=JJPN32 advmod
level0[6537] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPKN32 ChunkId=NP3N32 nsubj
level0[6538] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=NP2N32 case
level0[6539] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN32 ChunkId=NP3N32 cop
level0[6540] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN32 ChunkId=NP3N32 punct
level0[6541] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP4N32 ChunkId=NP4N32 det
level0[6542] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPKN32 ChunkId=NPKN32 compound
level0[6543] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3N32 ChunkId=VGFN32 nmod
level0[6544] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4N32 ChunkId=NP4N32 compound
level0[6545] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=VGF332 nsubj
level0[6546] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3N32 ChunkId=VGF332 nmod
level0[6547] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP4N32 ChunkId=NP4N32 amod
level0[6548] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5N32 ChunkId=NP5N32 case
level0[6549] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP232 ChunkId=JJP232 amod
level0[6550] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=JJP232 ChunkId=JJP232 punct
level0[6551] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBP332 ChunkId=VGF332 advmod
level0[6552] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=NP3332 cc
level0[6553] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4332 ChunkId=NP3332 conj
level0[6554] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4332 ChunkId=NP3332 case
level0[6555] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPK332 ChunkId=NPK332 det
level0[6556] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3332 ChunkId=NP3332 amod
level0[6557] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPK332 ChunkId=NPK332 case
level0[6558] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=NP2332 cc
level0[6559] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4332 ChunkId=NP4332 compound
level0[6560] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP4332 ChunkId=NP4332 punct
level0[6561] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP5332 ChunkId=NP5332 dep
level0[6562] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP3332 ChunkId=NP3332 punct
level0[6563] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4332 ChunkId=NP3332 conj
level0[6564] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=NP3332 cc
level0[6565] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP8332 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[6566] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP9332 ChunkId=NP1032 nmod
level0[6567] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=NP6332 punct
level0[6568] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP5232 nsubj
level0[6569] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NP3232 nmod
level0[6570] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 amod
level0[6571] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=NP3232 cop
level0[6572] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=VGNN32 nmod
level0[6573] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=JJP232 mark
level0[6574] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPP232 ChunkId=NP2232 nmod
level0[6575] :DET ADV ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 det
level0[6576] :PART ADP ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NPK232 dep
level0[6577] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP4N32 ChunkId=NP4N32 dep
level0[6578] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLKN32 ChunkId=JJPN32 punct
level0[6579] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN32 ChunkId=VGFN32 mark
level0[6580] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPPN32 ChunkId=VGFN32 nsubj
level0[6581] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=NP3N32 nmod
level0[6582] :X VERB ChunkId=BLKN32 ChunkId=VGFN32 compound
level0[6583] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=VGF232 nmod
level0[6584] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP232 ChunkId=VGF232 advmod
level0[6585] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NPK232 punct
level0[6586] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=VGF232 iobj
level0[6587] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 dep
level0[6588] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP4232 punct
level0[6589] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP4232 case
level0[6590] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 advmod
level0[6591] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 case
level0[6592] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 nummod
level0[6593] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP5232 case
level0[6594] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2F32 ChunkId=NP3F32 nmod
level0[6595] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4F32 ChunkId=VGNN32 dobj
level0[6596] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKN32 ChunkId=NP3N32 nsubj
level0[6597] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NPKN32 ChunkId=JJPN32 nsubj
level0[6598] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP3N32 ChunkId=NP3N32 advmod
level0[6599] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=VGFN32 nmod
level0[6600] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=VGNN32 compound
level0[6601] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP2232 conj
level0[6602] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NPKF32 ChunkId=NP4F32 nmod
level0[6603] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP3F32 ChunkId=NP3F32 advmod
level0[6604] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP4F32 ChunkId=NP4F32 punct
level0[6605] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGFF32 ChunkId=NP4F32 cop
level0[6606] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=BLKF32 ChunkId=NP4F32 punct
level0[6607] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP4F32 ChunkId=NP4F32 amod
level0[6608] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFF32 ChunkId=NP3F32 cop
level0[6609] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKF32 ChunkId=NP3F32 punct
level0[6610] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NPKF32 ChunkId=JJPF32 nmod
level0[6611] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGFF32 ChunkId=JJPF32 cop
level0[6612] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLKF32 ChunkId=JJPF32 punct
level0[6613] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN32 ChunkId=VGF332 nmod
level0[6614] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=VGF332 nsubj
level0[6615] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN32 ChunkId=VGNF32 nmod
level0[6616] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2332 ChunkId=NP2332 nummod
level0[6617] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3N32 ChunkId=VGFN32 nsubj
level0[6618] :PART ADP ChunkId=NPKN32 ChunkId=NPKN32 dep
level0[6619] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP3N32 ChunkId=NP3N32 det
level0[6620] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGFN32 ChunkId=VGFN32 punct
level0[6621] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4N32 ChunkId=VGF232 nmod
level0[6622] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP7N32 ChunkId=NP7N32 amod
level0[6623] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=NP3N32 punct
level0[6624] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=VGFN32 nsubj
level0[6625] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPKN32 ChunkId=NP2N32 nsubj
level0[6626] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP5N32 ChunkId=NP5N32 nummod
level0[6627] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NP2232 nsubj
level0[6628] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP4232 punct
level0[6629] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP4232 compound
level0[6630] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[6631] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=VGF3P2 nsubj
level0[6632] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPF22 ChunkId=VGF3P2 advmod
level0[6633] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP4F22 dislocated
level0[6634] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP33P2 ChunkId=NP33P2 case
level0[6635] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 dobj
level0[6636] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPPF22 ChunkId=NP6F22 nsubj
level0[6637] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 nmod
level0[6638] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 conj
level0[6639] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFF22 ChunkId=NP6F22 cop
level0[6640] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKF22 ChunkId=NP6F22 punct
level0[6641] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPPF22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[6642] :X VERB ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[6643] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 punct
level0[6644] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 compound
level0[6645] :NOUN ADJ ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=JJPN22 nmod
level0[6646] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 advmod
level0[6647] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[6648] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 conj
level0[6649] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 advmod
level0[6650] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=NP3N22 cop
level0[6651] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=BLKN22 ChunkId=NP3N22 punct
level0[6652] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=VGF222 cc
level0[6653] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPPN22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[6654] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP2N22 cc
level0[6655] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP2N22 conj
level0[6656] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP2N22 case
level0[6657] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGF022 nsubj
level0[6658] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP3222 conj
level0[6659] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP9222 cc
level0[6660] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK022 ChunkId=VGF022 advmod
level0[6661] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NPK022 ChunkId=JJP422 nmod
level0[6662] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP4022 ChunkId=NP4022 case
level0[6663] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP5022 ChunkId=NP5022 case
level0[6664] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=JJP022 conj
level0[6665] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=JJP022 cc
level0[6666] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=JJP022 conj
level0[6667] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF422 ChunkId=JJP422 cop
level0[6668] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK422 ChunkId=JJP422 punct
level0[6669] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP4322 cc
level0[6670] :SCONJ DET ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=JJP222 mark
level0[6671] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=NP2222 nmod
level0[6672] :VERB DET ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=JJP222 cop
level0[6673] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP422 ChunkId=NP4322 cc
level0[6674] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP5422 ChunkId=NP5422 dep
level0[6675] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP4322 punct
level0[6676] :PRON PRON ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP9222 nsubj
level0[6677] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP9222 case
level0[6678] :VERB PRON ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=NP9222 cop
level0[6679] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=NPK322 cop
level0[6680] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NPK322 punct
level0[6681] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[6682] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP5222 cop
level0[6683] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP5222 punct
level0[6684] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[6685] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=JJP222 nsubj
level0[6686] :PART NUM ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 dep
level0[6687] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP3N22 case
level0[6688] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=VGF022 nsubj
level0[6689] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF022 dobj
level0[6690] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP022 ChunkId=VGF022 nmod
level0[6691] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPP022 ChunkId=NPP022 case
level0[6692] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP022 ChunkId=VGF022 mark
level0[6693] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP6222 nmod
level0[6694] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[6695] :PUNCT ADP ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 punct
level0[6696] :NOUN ADP ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 compound
level0[6697] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NP2F22 nsubj
level0[6698] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=JJPF22 nmod
level0[6699] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 compound
level0[6700] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 dep
level0[6701] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 cc
level0[6702] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 nsubj
level0[6703] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 advmod
level0[6704] :PART ADP ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 dep
level0[6705] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=NP3N22 cop
level0[6706] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLKN22 ChunkId=NP3N22 punct
level0[6707] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 case
level0[6708] :PRON PRON ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 nsubj
level0[6709] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 cop
level0[6710] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NPKN22 punct
level0[6711] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=VGF322 dobj
level0[6712] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 nmod
level0[6713] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 dep
level0[6714] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP4322 nmod
level0[6715] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=NP6322 case
level0[6716] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=NP6322 punct
level0[6717] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NPK222 case
level0[6718] :NOUN ADV ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 conj
level0[6719] :PUNCT ADV ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 punct
level0[6720] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[6721] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[6722] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 nmod
level0[6723] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP7F22 cc
level0[6724] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 conj
level0[6725] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[6726] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 nmod
level0[6727] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 case
level0[6728] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 nmod
level0[6729] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 nmod
level0[6730] :VERB NUM ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=NP4N22 cop
level0[6731] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=BLKN22 ChunkId=NP4N22 punct
level0[6732] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubjpass
level0[6733] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 dep
level0[6734] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[6735] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP2N22 punct
level0[6736] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP222 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[6737] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[6738] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 det
level0[6739] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 punct
level0[6740] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubjpass
level0[6741] :NUM VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGF222 xcomp
level0[6742] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 nmod
level0[6743] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 dep
level0[6744] :PART ADJ ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 dep
level0[6745] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 dep
level0[6746] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFF22 ChunkId=NP4F22 cop
level0[6747] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 nmod
level0[6748] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKF22 ChunkId=NP4F22 punct
level0[6749] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=JJP322 advmod
level0[6750] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF422 ChunkId=JJP322 cop
level0[6751] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK422 ChunkId=JJP322 punct
level0[6752] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPK422 ChunkId=NPK422 nummod
level0[6753] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NPK422 ChunkId=NPK422 amod
level0[6754] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3422 ChunkId=NP3422 amod
level0[6755] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=NP4222 amod
level0[6756] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP322 ChunkId=VGFF22 advmod
level0[6757] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPPF22 ChunkId=NPPF22 det
level0[6758] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP2F22 case
level0[6759] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP9GP2 mark
level0[6760] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 punct
level0[6761] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP9GP2 cop
level0[6762] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=NP2222 punct
level0[6763] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 nsubj
level0[6764] :VERB PRON ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 cop
level0[6765] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 punct
level0[6766] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 punct
level0[6767] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 cc
level0[6768] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 conj
level0[6769] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 case
level0[6770] :VERB PRON ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 cop
level0[6771] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=NP42P2 punct
level0[6772] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nmod
level0[6773] :PRON PRON ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 punct
level0[6774] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 dobj
level0[6775] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFFP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 cop
level0[6776] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKFP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 punct
level0[6777] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=NP3FP2 amod
level0[6778] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 dep
level0[6779] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKFP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 nmod
level0[6780] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 compound
level0[6781] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 dep
level0[6782] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[6783] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 case
level0[6784] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN22 ChunkId=NP2F22 punct
level0[6785] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 nmod
level0[6786] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=JJPF22 nmod
level0[6787] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 conj
level0[6788] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBPF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[6789] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 dep
level0[6790] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=VGFN22 cc
level0[6791] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[6792] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 xcomp
level0[6793] :PART ADJ ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 dep
level0[6794] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 case
level0[6795] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 case
level0[6796] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGNN22 conj
level0[6797] :ADP VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGNN22 mark
level0[6798] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[6799] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NP2N22 amod
level0[6800] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 case
level0[6801] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPFN22 ChunkId=NPFN22 case
level0[6802] :DET PRON ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 det
level0[6803] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 punct
level0[6804] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 compound
level0[6805] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 advmod
level0[6806] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPN22 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[6807] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 case
level0[6808] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[6809] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[6810] :PUNCT DET ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1022 punct
level0[6811] :PART DET ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1022 dep
level0[6812] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK022 ChunkId=VGF022 nsubj
level0[6813] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP2022 ChunkId=NP2022 punct
level0[6814] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3022 ChunkId=NP2022 conj
level0[6815] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP2022 cc
level0[6816] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP4222 cop
level0[6817] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP4222 punct
level0[6818] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[6819] :DET PRON ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 det
level0[6820] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 case
level0[6821] :VERB VERB ChunkId=VGNN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 advcl
level0[6822] :ADV NOUN ChunkId=RBPF22 ChunkId=NP5N22 advmod
level0[6823] :ADJ ADV ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 amod
level0[6824] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 punct
level0[6825] :PART ADJ ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 dep
level0[6826] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 punct
level0[6827] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NPKN22 conj
level0[6828] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NPKN22 conj
level0[6829] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NPKN22 case
level0[6830] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 compound
level0[6831] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[6832] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 case
level0[6833] :PART ADV ChunkId=JJPF22 ChunkId=JJPF22 dep
level0[6834] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP8222 punct
level0[6835] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[6836] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 amod
level0[6837] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 advmod
level0[6838] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[6839] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 compound
level0[6840] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1222 nmod
level0[6841] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=NP2322 punct
level0[6842] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP4322 nmod
level0[6843] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[6844] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8322 ChunkId=VGNF22 nsubj
level0[6845] :DET ADV ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 det
level0[6846] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 case
level0[6847] :NUM PROPN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 nummod
level0[6848] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 punct
level0[6849] :PART ADJ ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 dep
level0[6850] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP3222 cop
level0[6851] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP3222 punct
level0[6852] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP7F22 nummod
level0[6853] :PART ADJ ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 dep
level0[6854] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[6855] :DET PROPN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 det
level0[6856] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPN22 ChunkId=VGF322 advmod
level0[6857] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBP322 ChunkId=VGF322 advmod
level0[6858] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[6859] :ADV NOUN ChunkId=RBPF22 ChunkId=NP2F22 nmod
level0[6860] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPPF22 ChunkId=NP2F22 nmod
level0[6861] :DET ADV ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 det
level0[6862] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NP3322 nsubj
level0[6863] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP3322 nummod
level0[6864] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=JJPN22 cc
level0[6865] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=JJPN22 conj
level0[6866] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NP4N22 nmod
level0[6867] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 case
level0[6868] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 dep
level0[6869] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NP3N22 nsubj
level0[6870] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=VGF222 xcomp
level0[6871] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[6872] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 conj
level0[6873] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 dep
level0[6874] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[6875] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP4N22 cc
level0[6876] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 conj
level0[6877] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[6878] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 case
level0[6879] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=JJP222 advmod
level0[6880] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=JJP222 advmod
level0[6881] :ADJ ADV ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 amod
level0[6882] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[6883] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPFN22 ChunkId=NPFN22 case
level0[6884] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP5N22 conj
level0[6885] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 advmod
level0[6886] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=NP1322 punct
level0[6887] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=VGF322 dobj
level0[6888] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 dep
level0[6889] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 case
level0[6890] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPF22 ChunkId=VGNF22 advmod
level0[6891] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 advmod
level0[6892] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 nsubj
level0[6893] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP2F22 punct
level0[6894] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP1022 nsubj
level0[6895] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP6222 conj
level0[6896] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP1022 cop
level0[6897] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 nmod
level0[6898] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[6899] :PART ADP ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 dep
level0[6900] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[6901] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 amod
level0[6902] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP6222 nsubj
level0[6903] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 dep
level0[6904] :PART ADJ ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 dep
level0[6905] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 dep
level0[6906] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP4N22 punct
level0[6907] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NP3222 nsubj
level0[6908] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 compound
level0[6909] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP3F22 punct
level0[6910] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP3222 conj
level0[6911] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP3222 case
level0[6912] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=JJP222 advmod
level0[6913] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[6914] :VERB PRON ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP3222 cop
level0[6915] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP5222 mark
level0[6916] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP3222 punct
level0[6917] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 compound
level0[6918] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=JJP222 nsubj
level0[6919] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP4322 compound
level0[6920] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 advmod
level0[6921] :VERB NUM ChunkId=VGFF22 ChunkId=NP5F22 cop
level0[6922] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=BLKF22 ChunkId=NP5F22 punct
level0[6923] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGFF22 ChunkId=NP4F22 cop
level0[6924] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=BLKF22 ChunkId=NP4F22 punct
level0[6925] :DET PROPN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 det
level0[6926] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 dep
level0[6927] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[6928] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP7222 nsubj
level0[6929] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP3222 dislocated
level0[6930] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP9GP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nmod
level0[6931] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[6932] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP0P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 compound
level0[6933] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP12P2 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[6934] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP1422 ChunkId=NP1422 amod
level0[6935] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP1522 ChunkId=NP1522 acl
level0[6936] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP1522 ChunkId=NP1522 amod
level0[6937] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP1622 ChunkId=NP1722 nmod
level0[6938] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK422 ChunkId=VGF2P2 punct
level0[6939] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP422 ChunkId=NPK422 cc
level0[6940] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2422 ChunkId=NPK422 case
level0[6941] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5422 ChunkId=NP5422 amod
level0[6942] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF422 ChunkId=NP6422 cop
level0[6943] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP6422 mark
level0[6944] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP9222 cc
level0[6945] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP6422 punct
level0[6946] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP9222 punct
level0[6947] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=JJP022 ChunkId=JJP022 punct
level0[6948] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubjpass
level0[6949] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 conj
level0[6950] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP5N22 cc
level0[6951] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NPK222 conj
level0[6952] :DET NOUN ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=NP3222 amod
level0[6953] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 advmod
level0[6954] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP7222 punct
level0[6955] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[6956] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 dobj
level0[6957] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP8F22 amod
level0[6958] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP8F22 punct
level0[6959] :ADP VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 mark
level0[6960] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[6961] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[6962] :PART VERB ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[6963] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP5222 nmod
level0[6964] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP3222 case
level0[6965] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[6966] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 nmod
level0[6967] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGNF22 nsubj
level0[6968] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[6969] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NPK422 ChunkId=NPK422 amod
level0[6970] :PRON PRON ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 aux
level0[6971] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 punct
level0[6972] :PRON PRON ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 compound
level0[6973] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP5222 nsubj
level0[6974] :ADV DET ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 advmod
level0[6975] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[6976] :DET ADV ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=NPP222 det
level0[6977] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[6978] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP122 ChunkId=NP2N22 cc
level0[6979] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP3222 conj
level0[6980] :PART DET ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 dep
level0[6981] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubjpass
level0[6982] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP4222 nmod
level0[6983] :PART ADV ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 dep
level0[6984] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NP3F22 nsubj
level0[6985] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP3F22 cc
level0[6986] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[6987] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPPN22 ChunkId=NPPN22 amod
level0[6988] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 nsubj
level0[6989] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP4N22 cop
level0[6990] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NP5222 nsubj
level0[6991] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP2222 conj
level0[6992] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP2222 cop
level0[6993] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP2222 cc
level0[6994] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=NP5N22 amod
level0[6995] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=NP2222 punct
level0[6996] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NP3222 nsubj
level0[6997] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[6998] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[6999] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[7000] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 dobj
level0[7001] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[7002] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP8F22 case
level0[7003] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=NPP222 dep
level0[7004] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 nsubj
level0[7005] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 dobj
level0[7006] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=JJPF22 nmod
level0[7007] :NOUN ADJ ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=JJPF22 nsubj
level0[7008] :PART ADJ ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 dep
level0[7009] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[7010] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 dep
level0[7011] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGF122 nmod
level0[7012] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP122 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[7013] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPP122 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[7014] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2122 ChunkId=NP2122 det
level0[7015] :ADJ ADV ChunkId=NP3122 ChunkId=NP3122 amod
level0[7016] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4122 ChunkId=NP4122 nmod
level0[7017] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4122 ChunkId=NP4122 compound
level0[7018] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP4222 nmod
level0[7019] :X VERB ChunkId=BLKN22 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[7020] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[7021] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP7222 amod
level0[7022] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP9222 conj
level0[7023] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[7024] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NPK322 cc
level0[7025] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=NP9N22 mark
level0[7026] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 case
level0[7027] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[7028] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP1122 mark
level0[7029] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP1122 nsubj
level0[7030] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP1122 cop
level0[7031] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[7032] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 dep
level0[7033] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[7034] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 nmod
level0[7035] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPK122 ChunkId=NPK122 det
level0[7036] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[7037] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=NP9N22 case
level0[7038] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[7039] :VERB VERB ChunkId=VGNF22 ChunkId=VGF422 compound
level0[7040] :SCONJ X ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=BLK322 mark
level0[7041] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=NP1322 det
level0[7042] :VERB X ChunkId=VGF522 ChunkId=BLK322 cop
level0[7043] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 iobj
level0[7044] :PUNCT PART ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 punct
level0[7045] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 dep
level0[7046] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP6222 cc
level0[7047] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP6222 cc
level0[7048] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP9322 ChunkId=NP9322 case
level0[7049] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[7050] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPP322 ChunkId=NP2322 nmod
level0[7051] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=JJP322 nsubj
level0[7052] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=VGNF22 nsubj
level0[7053] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[7054] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[7055] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF222 acl
level0[7056] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1522 ChunkId=VGF422 dobj
level0[7057] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2422 ChunkId=VGF422 nmod
level0[7058] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP3422 ChunkId=NP3422 amod
level0[7059] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4422 ChunkId=VGF422 nmod
level0[7060] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5422 ChunkId=NP5422 compound
level0[7061] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP7422 ChunkId=NP7422 amod
level0[7062] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 nmod
level0[7063] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 nmod
level0[7064] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=NP4N22 advmod
level0[7065] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 compound
level0[7066] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 case
level0[7067] :ADP VERB ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=VGF222 dislocated
level0[7068] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK3P2 ChunkId=VGFF22 punct
level0[7069] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP23P2 ChunkId=NP23P2 punct
level0[7070] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFNP2 ChunkId=NP6NP2 cop
level0[7071] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKNP2 ChunkId=NP6NP2 punct
level0[7072] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 iobj
level0[7073] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 compound
level0[7074] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=NP5NP2 nmod
level0[7075] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=NP4NP2 nmod
level0[7076] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP5NP2 ChunkId=NP5NP2 nmod
level0[7077] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=NP3NP2 amod
level0[7078] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=NP3NP2 punct
level0[7079] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=NP4NP2 punct
level0[7080] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP5NP2 ChunkId=NP5NP2 punct
level0[7081] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP6NP2 ChunkId=NP6NP2 nmod
level0[7082] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP8NP2 ChunkId=NP8NP2 compound
level0[7083] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPNP2 ChunkId=NP8NP2 cc
level0[7084] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP9NP2 ChunkId=NP9NP2 compound
level0[7085] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP13P2 ChunkId=NP13P2 nmod
level0[7086] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 cc
level0[7087] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP14P2 ChunkId=NP14P2 compound
level0[7088] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP14P2 ChunkId=NP14P2 case
level0[7089] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP16P2 ChunkId=NP16P2 compound
level0[7090] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP16P2 ChunkId=NP16P2 dep
level0[7091] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP6P2 ChunkId=VGF6P2 compound
level0[7092] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK6P2 ChunkId=VGF6P2 punct
level0[7093] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPK6P2 ChunkId=NPK6P2 case
level0[7094] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP26P2 ChunkId=NP26P2 det
level0[7095] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP26P2 ChunkId=NP26P2 amod
level0[7096] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP6P2 ChunkId=NP26P2 cc
level0[7097] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP36P2 ChunkId=NP36P2 det
level0[7098] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP36P2 ChunkId=NP36P2 case
level0[7099] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP46P2 ChunkId=NP26P2 conj
level0[7100] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP26P2 cc
level0[7101] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP52P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 dep
level0[7102] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 case
level0[7103] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nmod
level0[7104] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 nmod
level0[7105] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=NP4NP2 nmod
level0[7106] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP8NP2 ChunkId=NP8NP2 case
level0[7107] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP10P2 ChunkId=VGF0P2 nmod
level0[7108] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK0P2 ChunkId=VGF0P2 nsubj
level0[7109] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP0P2 ChunkId=VGF0P2 nmod
level0[7110] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP30P2 ChunkId=NP30P2 compound
level0[7111] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP40P2 ChunkId=NP40P2 compound
level0[7112] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF0P2 ChunkId=JJP0P2 cop
level0[7113] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP0P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 mark
level0[7114] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPP0P2 ChunkId=NPP0P2 case
level0[7115] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NPP0P2 ChunkId=NPP0P2 dep
level0[7116] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=JJP0P2 punct
level0[7117] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 nsubj
level0[7118] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 cop
level0[7119] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=NP52P2 punct
level0[7120] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=NP82P2 compound
level0[7121] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPNP2 ChunkId=NPKNP2 cc
level0[7122] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=NPKNP2 conj
level0[7123] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=NPKNP2 case
level0[7124] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 nsubj
level0[7125] :PART ADP ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 dep
level0[7126] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP92P2 ChunkId=NP92P2 case
level0[7127] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP11P2 ChunkId=NP11P2 dep
level0[7128] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP13P2 ChunkId=NP13P2 amod
level0[7129] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP13P2 ChunkId=NP13P2 nummod
level0[7130] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP15P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 nsubj
level0[7131] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP2P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 xcomp
level0[7132] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 cc
level0[7133] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP16P2 ChunkId=VGF4P2 nsubj
level0[7134] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP17P2 ChunkId=NP17P2 case
level0[7135] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP18P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 dobj
level0[7136] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP19P2 ChunkId=NP19P2 case
level0[7137] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK4P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 punct
level0[7138] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP34P2 ChunkId=VGF4P2 nmod
level0[7139] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP44P2 ChunkId=NP44P2 compound
level0[7140] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP44P2 ChunkId=NP44P2 case
level0[7141] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP4P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 mark
level0[7142] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP54P2 ChunkId=NP54P2 compound
level0[7143] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP64P2 cc
level0[7144] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=NP64P2 conj
level0[7145] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=NP64P2 case
level0[7146] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[7147] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 dobj
level0[7148] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF3P2 ChunkId=NP62P2 cop
level0[7149] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP73P2 ChunkId=NP73P2 compound
level0[7150] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP73P2 ChunkId=NP73P2 case
level0[7151] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP83P2 ChunkId=NP83P2 amod
level0[7152] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP83P2 ChunkId=NP83P2 case
level0[7153] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP93P2 ChunkId=NP93P2 det
level0[7154] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP93P2 ChunkId=NP93P2 amod
level0[7155] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP93P2 ChunkId=NP93P2 case
level0[7156] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF4P2 ChunkId=VGF4P2 auxpass
level0[7157] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPK4P2 ChunkId=NPK4P2 case
level0[7158] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP34P2 ChunkId=NP34P2 case
level0[7159] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP64P2 ChunkId=NP64P2 case
level0[7160] :NUM VERB ChunkId=NP7FP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 xcomp
level0[7161] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 nsubj
level0[7162] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPFP2 ChunkId=VGF322 mark
level0[7163] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nmod
level0[7164] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[7165] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5NP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 compound
level0[7166] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP72P2 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[7167] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP82P2 ChunkId=NP82P2 case
level0[7168] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[7169] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[7170] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 amod
level0[7171] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 case
level0[7172] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=VGF322 dobj
level0[7173] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[7174] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP422 ChunkId=VGF522 mark
level0[7175] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=VGF522 dobj
level0[7176] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP2522 ChunkId=NP2522 nmod
level0[7177] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP522 ChunkId=NP2522 cc
level0[7178] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP3522 ChunkId=NP4522 nmod
level0[7179] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4522 ChunkId=NP4522 compound
level0[7180] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP4522 cc
level0[7181] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP4522 case
level0[7182] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=NP7322 amod
level0[7183] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8422 ChunkId=NP8422 compound
level0[7184] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP9422 ChunkId=NP9422 punct
level0[7185] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP9422 conj
level0[7186] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP9422 cc
level0[7187] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP9422 conj
level0[7188] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP9422 case
level0[7189] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP522 ChunkId=VGF522 compound
level0[7190] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK522 ChunkId=VGF522 nsubj
level0[7191] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP522 ChunkId=NP6522 mark
level0[7192] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2522 ChunkId=NP2522 case
level0[7193] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3522 ChunkId=NP3522 case
level0[7194] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4522 ChunkId=NP4522 compound
level0[7195] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4522 ChunkId=NP4522 case
level0[7196] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP6522 ChunkId=NP6522 nummod
level0[7197] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP6522 cop
level0[7198] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=VGF522 punct
level0[7199] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 compound
level0[7200] :SCONJ DET ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=JJPF22 mark
level0[7201] :VERB DET ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=JJPF22 cop
level0[7202] :CONJ DET ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=JJPF22 cc
level0[7203] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP6222 nsubj
level0[7204] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF322 ChunkId=NP6222 cop
level0[7205] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NPKN22 case
level0[7206] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[7207] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP2F22 mark
level0[7208] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 det
level0[7209] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF22 ChunkId=VGFF22 acl
level0[7210] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP022 ChunkId=NP1022 cc
level0[7211] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 cc
level0[7212] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 compound
level0[7213] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 nmod
level0[7214] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 nmod
level0[7215] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 case
level0[7216] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[7217] :VERB VERB ChunkId=VGNN22 ChunkId=VGNN22 conj
level0[7218] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=VGF022 dobj
level0[7219] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3022 ChunkId=NP3022 case
level0[7220] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5022 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[7221] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 case
level0[7222] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 compound
level0[7223] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[7224] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[7225] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NP3F22 nsubj
level0[7226] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP5F22 case
level0[7227] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=VGF322 xcomp
level0[7228] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=VGF422 compound
level0[7229] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF422 ChunkId=NP2422 cop
level0[7230] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3422 ChunkId=NP3422 nmod
level0[7231] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4422 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[7232] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5422 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[7233] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=NP2422 punct
level0[7234] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 dep
level0[7235] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 amod
level0[7236] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP4322 advmod
level0[7237] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP7322 cc
level0[7238] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[7239] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[7240] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 dep
level0[7241] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP8222 punct
level0[7242] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP8222 conj
level0[7243] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP8222 conj
level0[7244] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP8222 case
level0[7245] :ADV DET ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 advmod
level0[7246] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5422 ChunkId=NP6422 nmod
level0[7247] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7422 ChunkId=NP7422 compound
level0[7248] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7422 ChunkId=NP7422 case
level0[7249] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[7250] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 case
level0[7251] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPP322 ChunkId=NPP322 dep
level0[7252] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[7253] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP7222 conj
level0[7254] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP7222 case
level0[7255] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=NPP222 dep
level0[7256] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP6N22 cc
level0[7257] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[7258] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=VGNN22 ChunkId=NP6N22 case
level0[7259] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP2222 case
level0[7260] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKF22 ChunkId=VGNF22 punct
level0[7261] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=VGF022 nmod
level0[7262] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[7263] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NPK022 ChunkId=NPK022 amod
level0[7264] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP3022 ChunkId=NP3022 nummod
level0[7265] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3022 ChunkId=NP3022 compound
level0[7266] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP4022 ChunkId=NP4022 nmod
level0[7267] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP6022 ChunkId=NP6022 nummod
level0[7268] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP7022 ChunkId=NP7022 amod
level0[7269] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7022 ChunkId=NP7022 case
level0[7270] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK022 ChunkId=NP5N22 nsubj
level0[7271] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP2022 ChunkId=NP2022 amod
level0[7272] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[7273] :PRON PRON ChunkId=NPF222 ChunkId=NP2222 nmod
level0[7274] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 amod
level0[7275] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 nmod
level0[7276] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 compound
level0[7277] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 nmod
level0[7278] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 nmod
level0[7279] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[7280] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 iobj
level0[7281] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[7282] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP5222 cc
level0[7283] :ADJ ADV ChunkId=NPP422 ChunkId=NPP422 amod
level0[7284] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6422 ChunkId=NP6422 case
level0[7285] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8422 ChunkId=VGF422 compound
level0[7286] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPK422 ChunkId=NPK422 dep
level0[7287] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP2422 ChunkId=NP2422 case
level0[7288] :DET PRON ChunkId=NP6422 ChunkId=NP6422 det
level0[7289] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 compound
level0[7290] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 amod
level0[7291] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[7292] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 dobj
level0[7293] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[7294] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP8F22 cc
level0[7295] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP8F22 conj
level0[7296] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP8F22 case
level0[7297] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 amod
level0[7298] :PUNCT PRON ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 punct
level0[7299] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=NP4N22 amod
level0[7300] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[7301] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[7302] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 mark
level0[7303] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[7304] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 det
level0[7305] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 advmod
level0[7306] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=VGNN32 dobj
level0[7307] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP232 ChunkId=VGNN32 compound
level0[7308] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N32 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[7309] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGNN32 ChunkId=VGNN32 neg
level0[7310] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6F32 ChunkId=VGF232 dobj
level0[7311] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP9232 ChunkId=NP1032 nmod
level0[7312] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[7313] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=VGFN32 punct
level0[7314] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP7322 mark
level0[7315] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP7322 nsubj
level0[7316] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP7322 cop
level0[7317] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[7318] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[7319] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP7222 case
level0[7320] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2022 ChunkId=NP2022 det
level0[7321] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3022 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[7322] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[7323] :ADV DET ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 advmod
level0[7324] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP5322 cc
level0[7325] :DET ADV ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 det
level0[7326] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[7327] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 case
level0[7328] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=JJP222 nmod
level0[7329] :SCONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP9222 mark
level0[7330] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NPP322 conj
level0[7331] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NPP322 cc
level0[7332] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP9222 nmod
level0[7333] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP9222 cop
level0[7334] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=VGNN22 xcomp
level0[7335] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGNN32 nmod
level0[7336] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1132 ChunkId=VGF132 compound
level0[7337] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF132 ChunkId=VGF132 auxpass
level0[7338] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK132 ChunkId=VGF132 punct
level0[7339] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPK132 ChunkId=NPK132 compound
level0[7340] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK132 ChunkId=NPK132 case
level0[7341] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2132 ChunkId=NP3132 nmod
level0[7342] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP3132 ChunkId=NP3132 det
level0[7343] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP3132 ChunkId=NP3132 nummod
level0[7344] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3132 ChunkId=NP3132 compound
level0[7345] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3132 ChunkId=NP3132 case
level0[7346] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP132 ChunkId=NP4132 cc
level0[7347] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5132 ChunkId=NP4132 conj
level0[7348] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5132 ChunkId=NP4132 case
level0[7349] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGNN32 ChunkId=VGNN32 dep
level0[7350] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPN32 ChunkId=NPKN32 cc
level0[7351] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=NPKN32 conj
level0[7352] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=NPKN32 case
level0[7353] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP6F32 ChunkId=NP6F32 dep
level0[7354] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPKF32 ChunkId=VGFF32 nsubj
level0[7355] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2F32 ChunkId=VGFF32 dobj
level0[7356] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP3F32 ChunkId=NP3F32 nummod
level0[7357] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGNF32 ChunkId=NP4F32 acl
level0[7358] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPKF32 ChunkId=NPKF32 amod
level0[7359] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2F32 ChunkId=VGFF32 nmod
level0[7360] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3F32 ChunkId=NP3F32 compound
level0[7361] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPF32 ChunkId=NP3F32 cc
level0[7362] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4F32 ChunkId=NP3F32 conj
level0[7363] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4F32 ChunkId=NP3F32 case
level0[7364] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5F32 ChunkId=NP5F32 amod
level0[7365] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP8N32 ChunkId=VGF032 nmod
level0[7366] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF032 ChunkId=VGF032 auxpass
level0[7367] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK032 ChunkId=VGF032 nmod
level0[7368] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2032 ChunkId=VGF032 dobj
level0[7369] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3032 ChunkId=NP3032 compound
level0[7370] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP3032 ChunkId=NP3032 dep
level0[7371] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK032 ChunkId=NP2032 nsubj
level0[7372] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2032 ChunkId=NP2032 nsubj
level0[7373] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2032 ChunkId=NP2032 amod
level0[7374] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF032 ChunkId=VGF032 neg
level0[7375] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK032 ChunkId=NP2032 punct
level0[7376] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK032 ChunkId=NPK032 amod
level0[7377] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK032 ChunkId=NPK032 case
level0[7378] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2032 ChunkId=NP2032 det
level0[7379] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2032 ChunkId=NP2032 case
level0[7380] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP3032 ChunkId=NP3032 amod
level0[7381] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF032 ChunkId=VGF032 aux
level0[7382] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP4032 ChunkId=NP4032 det
level0[7383] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP032 ChunkId=VGF032 compound
level0[7384] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP032 ChunkId=VGF232 mark
level0[7385] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP5032 ChunkId=NP5032 nummod
level0[7386] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP6032 ChunkId=NP6032 det
level0[7387] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6032 ChunkId=NP6032 amod
level0[7388] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6032 ChunkId=NP6032 case
level0[7389] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP7032 ChunkId=NP7032 nummod
level0[7390] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP7032 ChunkId=NP7032 amod
level0[7391] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=VGF032 punct
level0[7392] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP6F32 ChunkId=VGFF32 nmod
level0[7393] :NUM PROPN ChunkId=NP2F32 ChunkId=NP2F32 nummod
level0[7394] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP2F32 ChunkId=NP2F32 amod
level0[7395] :ADV DET ChunkId=JJP232 ChunkId=JJP232 advmod
level0[7396] :PART ADJ ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 dep
level0[7397] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP232 ChunkId=VGF232 xcomp
level0[7398] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=VGF232 nmod
level0[7399] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7232 ChunkId=VGF232 dobj
level0[7400] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP4232 amod
level0[7401] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=VGF232 iobj
level0[7402] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP232 ChunkId=VGF232 nmod
level0[7403] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NPP232 ChunkId=NPP232 amod
level0[7404] :PART SCONJ ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=CCP232 dep
level0[7405] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 punct
level0[7406] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP7232 ChunkId=NP7232 dep
level0[7407] :ADV NOUN ChunkId=RBP232 ChunkId=NPP232 amod
level0[7408] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPP232 ChunkId=NPP232 amod
level0[7409] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=NPP232 punct
level0[7410] :SCONJ X ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=BLK232 mark
level0[7411] :PRON X ChunkId=NPP232 ChunkId=BLK232 nsubj
level0[7412] :VERB X ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=BLK232 cop
level0[7413] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=NP6232 dep
level0[7414] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=VGF432 mark
level0[7415] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7232 ChunkId=VGF332 nsubj
level0[7416] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1132 ChunkId=NP1132 compound
level0[7417] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1132 ChunkId=NP1132 case
level0[7418] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=NP1232 cc
level0[7419] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP1332 ChunkId=NP1232 conj
level0[7420] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1432 ChunkId=NP1432 compound
level0[7421] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1432 ChunkId=NP1432 case
level0[7422] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1632 ChunkId=NP1632 compound
level0[7423] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1632 ChunkId=NP1632 case
level0[7424] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1732 ChunkId=NP1732 compound
level0[7425] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1732 ChunkId=NP1732 case
level0[7426] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF432 ChunkId=VGF432 aux
level0[7427] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK432 ChunkId=VGF432 nmod
level0[7428] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2432 ChunkId=VGF432 nsubj
level0[7429] :SCONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP432 ChunkId=NP4432 mark
level0[7430] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NP3432 ChunkId=NP4432 nsubj
level0[7431] :DET PROPN ChunkId=NP4432 ChunkId=NP4432 det
level0[7432] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4432 ChunkId=NP4432 compound
level0[7433] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=NP4432 cop
level0[7434] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=NP6232 amod
level0[7435] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP7232 ChunkId=NP7232 amod
level0[7436] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9232 ChunkId=VGF332 compound
level0[7437] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPP332 ChunkId=NPP332 compound
level0[7438] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP4332 ChunkId=NP4332 dep
level0[7439] :PART DET ChunkId=NP5332 ChunkId=NP5332 dep
level0[7440] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF332 ChunkId=VGF332 dep
level0[7441] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=VGF332 mark
level0[7442] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPP332 ChunkId=VGF332 nsubj
level0[7443] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2332 ChunkId=VGF332 dobj
level0[7444] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP4332 ChunkId=NP4332 nummod
level0[7445] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP6332 ChunkId=NP6332 case
level0[7446] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK332 ChunkId=VGF332 nsubj
level0[7447] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2332 ChunkId=VGF332 nmod
level0[7448] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3332 ChunkId=VGF232 nmod
level0[7449] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP332 ChunkId=VGF232 advmod
level0[7450] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=VGF232 dobj
level0[7451] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1032 ChunkId=VGF332 nsubj
level0[7452] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1132 ChunkId=VGNN32 dobj
level0[7453] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP132 ChunkId=VGNN32 compound
level0[7454] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1232 ChunkId=VGF332 dobj
level0[7455] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK332 ChunkId=VGFF32 nmod
level0[7456] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP3332 ChunkId=NP3332 case
level0[7457] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=NP4332 cc
level0[7458] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPF32 ChunkId=VGFF32 advmod
level0[7459] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP4F32 ChunkId=NP4F32 det
level0[7460] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NPKF32 ChunkId=NPKF32 punct
level0[7461] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3F32 ChunkId=VGFF32 iobj
level0[7462] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5F32 ChunkId=NP6F32 nmod
level0[7463] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6F32 ChunkId=NP6F32 compound
level0[7464] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP5F32 mark
level0[7465] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4232 ChunkId=NP5F32 nmod
level0[7466] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=NP5F32 cop
level0[7467] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP5F32 cc
level0[7468] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=NP6232 det
level0[7469] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK332 ChunkId=VGF332 dobj
level0[7470] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP332 ChunkId=VGF232 compound
level0[7471] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP5232 mark
level0[7472] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7332 ChunkId=NP7332 nmod
level0[7473] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP432 ChunkId=NP5232 mark
level0[7474] :CONJ PRON ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP2432 cc
level0[7475] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP2232 ChunkId=NP2232 dep
level0[7476] :PUNCT ADP ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 punct
level0[7477] :NOUN ADP ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 compound
level0[7478] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP232 ChunkId=JJP232 det
level0[7479] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF332 ChunkId=JJP232 cop
level0[7480] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4332 ChunkId=NP4332 nmod
level0[7481] :ADV DET ChunkId=NP2N32 ChunkId=NP2N32 advmod
level0[7482] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP2N32 cc
level0[7483] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP2N32 conj
level0[7484] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NP3232 nsubj
level0[7485] :SCONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP3232 mark
level0[7486] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=NP3232 cop
level0[7487] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=VGNN32 nmod
level0[7488] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=VGNN32 dobj
level0[7489] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP7N32 ChunkId=NP7N32 det
level0[7490] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP8N32 ChunkId=NP8N32 dep
level0[7491] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGF232 ChunkId=VGF232 dep
level0[7492] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9232 ChunkId=VGF332 nsubj
level0[7493] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP432 ChunkId=NP1032 cc
level0[7494] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP1132 ChunkId=NP1132 nmod
level0[7495] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP1332 ChunkId=NP1332 dep
level0[7496] :SCONJ SCONJ ChunkId=CCP432 ChunkId=CCP432 punct
level0[7497] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPP432 ChunkId=NP2432 nmod
level0[7498] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP532 ChunkId=NP7532 mark
level0[7499] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6532 ChunkId=NP7532 nmod
level0[7500] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP7532 ChunkId=NP7532 det
level0[7501] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF432 ChunkId=NP7532 cop
level0[7502] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK432 ChunkId=VGF432 punct
level0[7503] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP432 ChunkId=NPK432 cc
level0[7504] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2432 ChunkId=NPK432 conj
level0[7505] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP3432 ChunkId=NP3432 det
level0[7506] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF432 ChunkId=VGF432 auxpass
level0[7507] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=NP8232 cc
level0[7508] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP9332 ChunkId=NP8232 conj
level0[7509] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=NP2232 nmod
level0[7510] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3N32 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[7511] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP4N32 cc
level0[7512] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP4N32 conj
level0[7513] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=VGNF32 compound
level0[7514] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP7F32 ChunkId=NP7F32 dep
level0[7515] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP8F32 ChunkId=NP8F32 det
level0[7516] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5N32 ChunkId=NP6N32 nmod
level0[7517] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7N32 ChunkId=VGFN32 dobj
level0[7518] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6N32 ChunkId=NP6N32 compound
level0[7519] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP7N32 ChunkId=NP7N32 nummod
level0[7520] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP8N32 ChunkId=NP8N32 nmod
level0[7521] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP8N32 ChunkId=NP8N32 compound
level0[7522] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 nmod
level0[7523] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5F32 ChunkId=VGF032 iobj
level0[7524] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6F32 ChunkId=NP6F32 compound
level0[7525] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP8F32 ChunkId=NP8F32 amod
level0[7526] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPK032 ChunkId=NPK032 nmod
level0[7527] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP032 ChunkId=JJP032 cc
level0[7528] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP232 ChunkId=JJP032 conj
level0[7529] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP332 ChunkId=VGNF32 compound
level0[7530] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP8F32 ChunkId=NP8F32 nmod
level0[7531] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP9F32 ChunkId=NP9F32 compound
level0[7532] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP9F32 dislocated
level0[7533] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP11P2 ChunkId=NP11P2 case
level0[7534] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP12P2 ChunkId=NP12P2 case
level0[7535] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP13P2 ChunkId=NP13P2 compound
level0[7536] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP4P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 compound
level0[7537] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP5P2 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[7538] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF522 ChunkId=VGF522 aux
level0[7539] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK522 ChunkId=NPK522 compound
level0[7540] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP2522 ChunkId=NP2522 amod
level0[7541] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5522 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[7542] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 nmod
level0[7543] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 nmod
level0[7544] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPP222 ChunkId=NPP222 nmod
level0[7545] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP322 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[7546] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP9322 ChunkId=NP9322 case
level0[7547] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 nmod
level0[7548] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[7549] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGF122 iobj
level0[7550] :PUNCT ADV ChunkId=RBP122 ChunkId=RBP122 punct
level0[7551] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPP122 ChunkId=NPP122 compound
level0[7552] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NPP122 ChunkId=NPP122 punct
level0[7553] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPP122 ChunkId=NPP122 case
level0[7554] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5122 ChunkId=NP5122 compound
level0[7555] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5122 ChunkId=NP5122 case
level0[7556] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6122 ChunkId=NP6122 case
level0[7557] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7122 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[7558] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP8122 ChunkId=NP8122 nmod
level0[7559] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8122 ChunkId=NP8122 case
level0[7560] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP9122 ChunkId=NP9122 compound
level0[7561] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP9122 ChunkId=NP9122 case
level0[7562] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1022 conj
level0[7563] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1022 case
level0[7564] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP1342 mark
level0[7565] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[7566] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP122 ChunkId=VGNN32 compound
level0[7567] :ADP VERB ChunkId=VGNN32 ChunkId=VGNN22 mark
level0[7568] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF242 ChunkId=NP1342 cop
level0[7569] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK242 ChunkId=VGF222 punct
level0[7570] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP242 ChunkId=NP9N42 mark
level0[7571] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2242 ChunkId=NP2242 nmod
level0[7572] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP242 ChunkId=NP2242 cc
level0[7573] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3242 ChunkId=NP3242 nmod
level0[7574] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3242 ChunkId=NP3242 compound
level0[7575] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP342 ChunkId=NP3242 cc
level0[7576] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4342 ChunkId=NP4342 compound
level0[7577] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4342 ChunkId=NP3242 case
level0[7578] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5342 ChunkId=NP5342 case
level0[7579] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP6342 ChunkId=NP6342 amod
level0[7580] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6342 ChunkId=NP6342 case
level0[7581] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7342 ChunkId=NP7342 case
level0[7582] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8342 ChunkId=VGNN42 compound
level0[7583] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF242 ChunkId=NP9N42 cop
level0[7584] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NPK242 ChunkId=NPK242 compound
level0[7585] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3242 ChunkId=NP3242 case
level0[7586] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP4242 ChunkId=NP4242 amod
level0[7587] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4242 ChunkId=NP4242 compound
level0[7588] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7242 ChunkId=VGNN42 dobj
level0[7589] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8N42 ChunkId=NP8N42 case
level0[7590] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPKN42 ChunkId=NPKN42 case
level0[7591] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2N42 ChunkId=VGFN42 compound
level0[7592] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN42 ChunkId=VGF242 mark
level0[7593] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP4N42 ChunkId=NP4N42 nmod
level0[7594] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4N42 ChunkId=NP4N42 case
level0[7595] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5N42 ChunkId=NP5N42 case
level0[7596] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6N42 ChunkId=NP6N42 case
level0[7597] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2242 ChunkId=VGF242 nsubj
level0[7598] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGF242 ChunkId=VGF242 punct
level0[7599] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7242 ChunkId=VGF342 nsubj
level0[7600] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8242 ChunkId=NP8242 case
level0[7601] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9242 ChunkId=VGNN42 dobj
level0[7602] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK342 ChunkId=NP2342 nsubj
level0[7603] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2342 ChunkId=NP2342 nummod
level0[7604] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2342 ChunkId=NP2342 amod
level0[7605] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF342 ChunkId=NP2342 cop
level0[7606] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK342 ChunkId=NP2342 punct
level0[7607] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2342 ChunkId=NP2342 case
level0[7608] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=JJP342 ChunkId=NP3342 amod
level0[7609] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3342 ChunkId=NP3342 case
level0[7610] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5342 ChunkId=VGF342 nmod
level0[7611] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6342 ChunkId=NP6342 case
level0[7612] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP7342 ChunkId=NP7342 amod
level0[7613] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP7342 ChunkId=NP7342 dep
level0[7614] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2342 ChunkId=NP2342 compound
level0[7615] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3342 ChunkId=NP3342 case
level0[7616] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP4342 ChunkId=NP4342 nmod
level0[7617] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP7342 ChunkId=NP7342 det
level0[7618] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8342 ChunkId=NP9342 nmod
level0[7619] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP9342 ChunkId=NP9342 amod
level0[7620] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK242 ChunkId=VGF342 punct
level0[7621] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPK242 ChunkId=NPK242 nmod
level0[7622] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPK242 ChunkId=NPK242 compound
level0[7623] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3242 ChunkId=NP3242 case
level0[7624] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP4242 ChunkId=NP4242 nmod
level0[7625] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNF42 ChunkId=VGNF42 auxpass
level0[7626] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5F42 ChunkId=NP5F42 case
level0[7627] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP8N42 ChunkId=NP8N42 case
level0[7628] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP9N42 ChunkId=NP9N42 case
level0[7629] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1142 ChunkId=VGF142 nmod
level0[7630] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF142 ChunkId=VGF142 auxpass
level0[7631] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK142 ChunkId=VGF142 punct
level0[7632] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP142 ChunkId=VGF242 mark
level0[7633] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPP142 ChunkId=NPP142 case
level0[7634] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPP142 ChunkId=NPP142 dep
level0[7635] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2142 ChunkId=NP2142 case
level0[7636] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3142 ChunkId=NP3142 case
level0[7637] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP4142 ChunkId=NP4142 det
level0[7638] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5142 ChunkId=VGF242 nmod
level0[7639] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP242 ChunkId=VGF242 advmod
level0[7640] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7242 ChunkId=NP7242 case
level0[7641] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP8242 ChunkId=NP8242 det
level0[7642] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP9242 ChunkId=VGF242 dobj
level0[7643] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP1042 ChunkId=NP1142 nmod
level0[7644] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK242 ChunkId=NPK242 amod
level0[7645] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK242 ChunkId=NPK242 case
level0[7646] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2242 ChunkId=NP2242 det
level0[7647] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGNF42 ChunkId=VGNF42 auxpass
level0[7648] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6F42 ChunkId=NP7F42 nmod
level0[7649] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP7F42 ChunkId=NP7F42 amod
level0[7650] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7F42 ChunkId=NP7F42 case
level0[7651] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKF42 ChunkId=VGFF42 punct
level0[7652] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPKF42 ChunkId=NPKF42 compound
level0[7653] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPKF42 ChunkId=NPKF42 case
level0[7654] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP2F42 ChunkId=NP2F42 case
level0[7655] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2F42 ChunkId=NP2F42 compound
level0[7656] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4F42 ChunkId=NP4F42 compound
level0[7657] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4F42 ChunkId=NP4F42 case
level0[7658] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP4F42 ChunkId=NP4F42 dep
level0[7659] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFF42 ChunkId=VGFF42 auxpass
level0[7660] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2F42 ChunkId=NP2F42 amod
level0[7661] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2F42 ChunkId=NP2F42 case
level0[7662] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNN42 ChunkId=VGNN42 auxpass
level0[7663] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP3N42 ChunkId=NP3N42 punct
level0[7664] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4N42 ChunkId=NP4N42 compound
level0[7665] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP5N42 ChunkId=NP5N42 amod
level0[7666] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6N42 ChunkId=NP6N42 case
level0[7667] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7N42 ChunkId=VGFN42 nmod
level0[7668] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFN42 ChunkId=VGFN42 auxpass
level0[7669] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPKN42 ChunkId=NPKN42 nmod
level0[7670] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2N42 ChunkId=NP2N42 case
level0[7671] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3F42 ChunkId=NP3F42 case
level0[7672] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP4F42 ChunkId=NP4F42 nmod
level0[7673] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP5F42 ChunkId=NP5F42 nummod
level0[7674] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 aux
level0[7675] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=NP7322 nummod
level0[7676] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=RBPN22 ChunkId=JJPN22 advmod
level0[7677] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[7678] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[7679] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 conj
level0[7680] :X VERB ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[7681] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=NP6322 nsubj
level0[7682] :X VERB ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[7683] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[7684] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 nmod
level0[7685] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 dep
level0[7686] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 nmod
level0[7687] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 nmod
level0[7688] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 nmod
level0[7689] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 amod
level0[7690] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[7691] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 case
level0[7692] :CONJ NUM ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP4F22 cc
level0[7693] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=JJPF22 ChunkId=NP5F22 amod
level0[7694] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 compound
level0[7695] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=NPKN22 punct
level0[7696] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[7697] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NPKN22 conj
level0[7698] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NPKN22 case
level0[7699] :PART ADJ ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 dep
level0[7700] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[7701] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 nmod
level0[7702] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 conj
level0[7703] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[7704] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[7705] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 case
level0[7706] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 conj
level0[7707] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPN22 ChunkId=VGF132 nmod
level0[7708] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1032 ChunkId=VGF132 nmod
level0[7709] :NUM PROPN ChunkId=NPK132 ChunkId=NPK132 nummod
level0[7710] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NPK132 ChunkId=NPK132 amod
level0[7711] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2132 ChunkId=NP2132 case
level0[7712] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP132 ChunkId=VGNF32 compound
level0[7713] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3F32 ChunkId=NP4F32 nmod
level0[7714] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP8F32 ChunkId=VGF232 dobj
level0[7715] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=VGFN32 mark
level0[7716] :PRON ADV ChunkId=NP5232 ChunkId=NP6232 nmod
level0[7717] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=NP6232 case
level0[7718] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP7232 ChunkId=NP7232 nummod
level0[7719] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP332 ChunkId=VGF332 acl
level0[7720] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3332 ChunkId=VGF332 compound
level0[7721] :VERB ADJ ChunkId=VGF332 ChunkId=JJP332 cop
level0[7722] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPP332 ChunkId=VGNN32 dobj
level0[7723] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP6N32 ChunkId=NP6N32 case
level0[7724] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP7N32 ChunkId=VGF232 nsubj
level0[7725] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=BLK232 ChunkId=JJP332 punct
level0[7726] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK232 ChunkId=VGNF32 dobj
level0[7727] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[7728] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[7729] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP5422 ChunkId=NP5422 dep
level0[7730] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 amod
level0[7731] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[7732] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[7733] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 acl
level0[7734] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NPKN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[7735] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[7736] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=JJPF22 mark
level0[7737] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=JJPF22 nsubj
level0[7738] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 dep
level0[7739] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP8N22 mark
level0[7740] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP8N22 cop
level0[7741] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP9322 ChunkId=NP9322 compound
level0[7742] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP9322 ChunkId=NP9322 punct
level0[7743] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 case
level0[7744] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 case
level0[7745] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 nmod
level0[7746] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NP2322 nmod
level0[7747] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NPK322 cc
level0[7748] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NPK322 case
level0[7749] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=VGF322 dobj
level0[7750] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP7322 cc
level0[7751] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP7322 conj
level0[7752] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP7322 case
level0[7753] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP4N22 nsubj
level0[7754] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 case
level0[7755] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 dobj
level0[7756] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP4N22 conj
level0[7757] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP6222 case
level0[7758] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[7759] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[7760] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[7761] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 case
level0[7762] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9322 ChunkId=VGF422 compound
level0[7763] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3422 ChunkId=NP3422 compound
level0[7764] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4422 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[7765] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP5422 ChunkId=NP5422 dep
level0[7766] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6422 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[7767] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[7768] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGNN42 ChunkId=VGNN42 dep
level0[7769] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1242 ChunkId=VGF242 compound
level0[7770] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP1342 ChunkId=NP1442 nmod
level0[7771] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP1542 ChunkId=NP1542 compound
level0[7772] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1542 ChunkId=NP1542 compound
level0[7773] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1542 ChunkId=NP1542 case
level0[7774] :ADP VERB ChunkId=VGNN52 ChunkId=VGNN52 mark
level0[7775] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF252 ChunkId=NP1652 cop
level0[7776] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK252 ChunkId=VGF242 punct
level0[7777] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPK252 ChunkId=NPK252 case
level0[7778] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2252 ChunkId=NP2252 case
level0[7779] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP252 ChunkId=NP3252 cc
level0[7780] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4252 ChunkId=NP4252 compound
level0[7781] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4252 ChunkId=NP4252 case
level0[7782] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5252 ChunkId=NP5252 compound
level0[7783] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP5252 ChunkId=NP5252 case
level0[7784] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6252 ChunkId=NP6252 case
level0[7785] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7252 ChunkId=NP7252 compound
level0[7786] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7252 ChunkId=NP7252 case
level0[7787] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP252 ChunkId=VGF252 compound
level0[7788] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF252 ChunkId=VGF252 auxpass
level0[7789] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK252 ChunkId=VGF252 punct
level0[7790] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK252 ChunkId=NPK252 case
level0[7791] :CONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP252 ChunkId=JJP252 cc
level0[7792] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP252 ChunkId=JJP252 conj
level0[7793] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3252 ChunkId=NP3252 case
level0[7794] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4252 ChunkId=VGNF52 dobj
level0[7795] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5F52 ChunkId=NP5F52 case
level0[7796] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP6F52 ChunkId=NP6F52 det
level0[7797] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6F52 ChunkId=NP6F52 case
level0[7798] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7F52 ChunkId=VGFF52 nsubj
level0[7799] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFF52 ChunkId=VGFF52 aux
level0[7800] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP252 ChunkId=VGFF52 cc
level0[7801] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8252 ChunkId=NP8252 compound
level0[7802] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP352 ChunkId=VGF252 compound
level0[7803] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGF252 ChunkId=VGF252 aux
level0[7804] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK252 ChunkId=VGFF52 punct
level0[7805] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPK252 ChunkId=NPK252 det
level0[7806] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP2252 ChunkId=NP2252 amod
level0[7807] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP2252 ChunkId=NP2252 dep
level0[7808] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGF252 ChunkId=VGF252 punct
level0[7809] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP3252 ChunkId=VGF252 nmod
level0[7810] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4252 ChunkId=NP4252 case
level0[7811] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNF52 ChunkId=VGNF52 aux
level0[7812] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP7F52 ChunkId=NP7F52 det
level0[7813] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF52 ChunkId=VGF252 compound
level0[7814] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPK252 ChunkId=NPK252 compound
level0[7815] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP252 ChunkId=NP2252 cc
level0[7816] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3252 ChunkId=NP2252 conj
level0[7817] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP5252 ChunkId=NP5252 nummod
level0[7818] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP5252 ChunkId=NP5252 dep
level0[7819] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5252 ChunkId=NP5252 case
level0[7820] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7F52 ChunkId=NP7F52 case
level0[7821] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP8F52 ChunkId=NP8F52 det
level0[7822] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8F52 ChunkId=NP8F52 case
level0[7823] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP9F52 ChunkId=NP9F52 amod
level0[7824] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP9F52 ChunkId=NP9F52 dep
level0[7825] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGFF52 ChunkId=VGFF52 punct
level0[7826] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1052 ChunkId=VGF252 nmod
level0[7827] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1152 ChunkId=NP1152 case
level0[7828] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1252 ChunkId=NP1252 case
level0[7829] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP1352 ChunkId=NP1352 det
level0[7830] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP2252 ChunkId=NP2252 punct
level0[7831] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3252 ChunkId=NP3252 compound
level0[7832] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP3252 ChunkId=NP3252 punct
level0[7833] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP5252 ChunkId=NP5252 punct
level0[7834] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6252 ChunkId=VGNN52 compound
level0[7835] :VERB PROPN ChunkId=VGFN52 ChunkId=NP7N52 cop
level0[7836] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=BLKN52 ChunkId=NP7N52 punct
level0[7837] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPKN52 ChunkId=NPKN52 amod
level0[7838] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPKN52 ChunkId=NPKN52 case
level0[7839] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPN52 ChunkId=VGFN52 advmod
level0[7840] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2N52 ChunkId=NP2N52 case
level0[7841] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3N52 ChunkId=VGFN52 dobj
level0[7842] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPN52 ChunkId=VGFN52 compound
level0[7843] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFN52 ChunkId=VGFN52 auxpass
level0[7844] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP4252 ChunkId=NP4252 nummod
level0[7845] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP6252 ChunkId=NP6252 punct
level0[7846] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP7252 ChunkId=NP7252 punct
level0[7847] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP8252 ChunkId=NP8252 punct
level0[7848] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP9252 ChunkId=NP9252 compound
level0[7849] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP9252 ChunkId=NP9252 punct
level0[7850] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1052 ChunkId=NP1052 compound
level0[7851] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP1052 ChunkId=NP1052 punct
level0[7852] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1152 ChunkId=NP6252 conj
level0[7853] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP152 ChunkId=NP6252 cc
level0[7854] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1252 ChunkId=NP6252 conj
level0[7855] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1252 ChunkId=NP6252 case
level0[7856] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1352 ChunkId=NP1352 case
level0[7857] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP1452 ChunkId=NP1452 dep
level0[7858] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NPK252 ChunkId=NPK252 punct
level0[7859] :PUNCT PROPN ChunkId=NP4252 ChunkId=NP4252 punct
level0[7860] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP9252 ChunkId=NP2252 conj
level0[7861] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1052 ChunkId=NP1052 case
level0[7862] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP1352 ChunkId=NP1352 dep
level0[7863] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1452 ChunkId=VGF452 nsubj
level0[7864] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK452 ChunkId=VGF452 punct
level0[7865] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPK452 ChunkId=NPK452 compound
level0[7866] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPK452 ChunkId=NPK452 case
level0[7867] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP452 ChunkId=VGFN52 nmod
level0[7868] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP2452 ChunkId=NP2452 case
level0[7869] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN52 ChunkId=VGNN52 cc
level0[7870] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3N52 ChunkId=NP3N52 case
level0[7871] :ADP VERB ChunkId=NP4N52 ChunkId=VGNN52 mark
level0[7872] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGFN52 ChunkId=VGFN52 neg
level0[7873] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGFN52 ChunkId=VGFN52 aux
level0[7874] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGFN52 ChunkId=VGFN52 punct
level0[7875] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP252 ChunkId=VGFN52 cc
level0[7876] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP6252 ChunkId=NP6252 det
level0[7877] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7252 ChunkId=VGF252 nsubj
level0[7878] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF252 ChunkId=VGF252 auxpass
level0[7879] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK252 ChunkId=VGFN52 punct
level0[7880] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP252 ChunkId=VGF252 cc
level0[7881] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP3252 ChunkId=NP3252 det
level0[7882] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP3252 ChunkId=NP3252 case
level0[7883] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4252 ChunkId=NP4252 compound
level0[7884] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK252 ChunkId=NPK252 amod
level0[7885] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP7252 ChunkId=NP4252 conj
level0[7886] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP252 ChunkId=NP4252 cc
level0[7887] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP8252 ChunkId=NP8252 case
level0[7888] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP252 ChunkId=NPK252 cc
level0[7889] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NP2252 ChunkId=NPK252 conj
level0[7890] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP2252 ChunkId=NP2252 case
level0[7891] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP6N52 ChunkId=NP6N52 nmod
level0[7892] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP7N52 ChunkId=NP7N52 compound
level0[7893] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLKN52 ChunkId=VGFN52 punct
level0[7894] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPKN52 ChunkId=NPKN52 compound
level0[7895] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2N52 ChunkId=NP2N52 compound
level0[7896] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3N52 ChunkId=NP3N52 compound
level0[7897] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3N52 ChunkId=NP3N52 case
level0[7898] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4N52 ChunkId=NP4N52 case
level0[7899] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5N52 ChunkId=NP5N52 case
level0[7900] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7N52 ChunkId=NP7N52 case
level0[7901] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8N52 ChunkId=NP8N52 compound
level0[7902] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGFN52 ChunkId=VGFN52 auxpass
level0[7903] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP3N52 ChunkId=NP3N52 compound
level0[7904] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4N52 ChunkId=NP4N52 compound
level0[7905] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPN52 ChunkId=VGF252 mark
level0[7906] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7252 ChunkId=VGF352 compound
level0[7907] :AUX AUX ChunkId=VGF352 ChunkId=VGF352 auxpass
level0[7908] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK352 ChunkId=VGFN52 punct
level0[7909] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPK352 ChunkId=VGF352 nsubj
level0[7910] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP352 ChunkId=VGF2P2 mark
level0[7911] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP2352 ChunkId=NP2352 det
level0[7912] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP2352 ChunkId=NP2352 case
level0[7913] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP3352 ChunkId=NP3352 compound
level0[7914] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NP3352 ChunkId=NP3352 punct
level0[7915] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4352 ChunkId=NP3352 conj
level0[7916] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP252 ChunkId=NP3352 cc
level0[7917] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP5252 dislocated
level0[7918] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP7GP2 ChunkId=NP7GP2 compound
level0[7919] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7GP2 ChunkId=NP3352 case
level0[7920] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK2P2 ChunkId=VGF352 punct
level0[7921] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 amod
level0[7922] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 case
level0[7923] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[7924] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP3P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 mark
level0[7925] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP53P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 nsubj
level0[7926] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP4P2 ChunkId=NP73P2 cc
level0[7927] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP84P2 ChunkId=NP73P2 conj
level0[7928] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPK3P2 ChunkId=NPK3P2 dep
level0[7929] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP23P2 ChunkId=NP23P2 case
level0[7930] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[7931] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKF22 ChunkId=NP3FP2 punct
level0[7932] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 case
level0[7933] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 case
level0[7934] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 case
level0[7935] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NP2F22 nmod
level0[7936] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP4F22 punct
level0[7937] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP6F22 cc
level0[7938] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP6F22 conj
level0[7939] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=NP6F22 case
level0[7940] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP1022 compound
level0[7941] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBPN22 ChunkId=VGF222 advmod
level0[7942] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[7943] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=JJPF22 nmod
level0[7944] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP9222 case
level0[7945] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP6222 cc
level0[7946] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=NP6222 case
level0[7947] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP322 ChunkId=VGNN22 advmod
level0[7948] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9322 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[7949] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP6N22 mark
level0[7950] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=VGF022 nmod
level0[7951] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK022 ChunkId=NP2022 nmod
level0[7952] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP022 ChunkId=NP2022 cc
level0[7953] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP7022 ChunkId=NP7022 compound
level0[7954] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP8022 ChunkId=NP8022 compound
level0[7955] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP8022 ChunkId=NP8022 case
level0[7956] :SCONJ ADJ ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=JJP322 mark
level0[7957] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=JJP322 advmod
level0[7958] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPP322 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[7959] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGNF22 ChunkId=NPNF22 amod
level0[7960] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1422 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[7961] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBP322 ChunkId=VGF222 advmod
level0[7962] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP7222 nsubj
level0[7963] :ADJ ADV ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=NPK322 amod
level0[7964] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[7965] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 dep
level0[7966] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[7967] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[7968] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[7969] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 nmod
level0[7970] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[7971] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP9322 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[7972] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1122 case
level0[7973] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP3422 cc
level0[7974] :CONJ PRON ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP6F22 cc
level0[7975] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP6F22 case
level0[7976] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[7977] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[7978] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4422 ChunkId=VGF422 nsubj
level0[7979] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP422 ChunkId=VGF422 advmod
level0[7980] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6422 ChunkId=VGF422 compound
level0[7981] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBPF22 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[7982] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[7983] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPF22 ChunkId=VGF322 xcomp
level0[7984] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP222 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[7985] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[7986] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[7987] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=VGF422 nmod
level0[7988] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP422 ChunkId=VGFN22 mark
level0[7989] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPP422 ChunkId=NPP422 case
level0[7990] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP2422 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[7991] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 dep
level0[7992] :SCONJ PRON ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP5N22 mark
level0[7993] :VERB PRON ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP5N22 cop
level0[7994] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP9322 ChunkId=NP9322 case
level0[7995] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NPKF22 conj
level0[7996] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=NPKF22 case
level0[7997] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NPPF22 ChunkId=NPPF22 case
level0[7998] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGNF22 nsubj
level0[7999] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[8000] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 dep
level0[8001] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 nmod
level0[8002] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2022 ChunkId=NP2022 compound
level0[8003] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 punct
level0[8004] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 compound
level0[8005] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=NP7N22 cop
level0[8006] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLKN22 ChunkId=NP7N22 punct
level0[8007] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[8008] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[8009] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=VGF322 dobj
level0[8010] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nmod
level0[8011] :NUM PROPN ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 nummod
level0[8012] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP9222 nmod
level0[8013] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 case
level0[8014] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=JJP222 advmod
level0[8015] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[8016] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 dep
level0[8017] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[8018] :NOUN DET ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=NP1422 nsubj
level0[8019] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=VGFF22 mark
level0[8020] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[8021] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[8022] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 case
level0[8023] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 det
level0[8024] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 mark
level0[8025] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP3222 cc
level0[8026] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP3222 conj
level0[8027] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP3222 case
level0[8028] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NP6N22 nmod
level0[8029] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[8030] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP3222 conj
level0[8031] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP3222 conj
level0[8032] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[8033] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[8034] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP3N22 cc
level0[8035] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP3222 nmod
level0[8036] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 mark
level0[8037] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=JJP222 nmod
level0[8038] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP6222 nmod
level0[8039] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=VGFN22 cc
level0[8040] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[8041] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[8042] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBPN22 ChunkId=VGNN22 advmod
level0[8043] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 dep
level0[8044] :ADV NOUN ChunkId=RBPN22 ChunkId=NP3N22 advmod
level0[8045] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP1122 nmod
level0[8046] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[8047] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=NP3N22 punct
level0[8048] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[8049] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[8050] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP7N22 cc
level0[8051] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP7N22 case
level0[8052] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[8053] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[8054] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 compound
level0[8055] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[8056] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 xcomp
level0[8057] :DET ADV ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 det
level0[8058] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[8059] :ADV PROPN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NPK222 conj
level0[8060] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP6222 nsubj
level0[8061] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 nsubj
level0[8062] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 mark
level0[8063] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 amod
level0[8064] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP2322 conj
level0[8065] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP2322 cc
level0[8066] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 nsubj
level0[8067] :PUNCT ADP ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 punct
level0[8068] :NOUN ADP ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=NP2N22 compound
level0[8069] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 det
level0[8070] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[8071] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[8072] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[8073] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[8074] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJPN22 ChunkId=JJPN22 case
level0[8075] :PUNCT NUM ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 punct
level0[8076] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 compound
level0[8077] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=VGFF22 nsubj
level0[8078] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP4N22 mark
level0[8079] :PUNCT PART ChunkId=VGFN22 ChunkId=VGFN22 punct
level0[8080] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGNF22 ChunkId=VGNF22 punct
level0[8081] :VERB VERB ChunkId=VGNF22 ChunkId=VGNF22 compound
level0[8082] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK322 ChunkId=NP4N22 punct
level0[8083] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=RBP322 ChunkId=NP4322 advmod
level0[8084] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP2322 cc
level0[8085] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[8086] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP8322 ChunkId=VGF422 nsubj
level0[8087] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP1122 ChunkId=NP1322 nmod
level0[8088] :VERB VERB ChunkId=VGNF22 ChunkId=VGF522 advcl
level0[8089] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK522 ChunkId=NP2322 punct
level0[8090] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NPK522 ChunkId=NPK522 det
level0[8091] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NPK522 ChunkId=NPK522 amod
level0[8092] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3522 ChunkId=VGF522 compound
level0[8093] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP4522 ChunkId=NP4522 dep
level0[8094] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP5522 ChunkId=NP5522 case
level0[8095] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6522 ChunkId=NP6522 case
level0[8096] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4522 ChunkId=NP4522 amod
level0[8097] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP522 ChunkId=VGF522 advmod
level0[8098] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=VGF522 ChunkId=VGF522 punct
level0[8099] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP522 ChunkId=VGF522 cc
level0[8100] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGNN22 iobj
level0[8101] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP9N22 cc
level0[8102] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1422 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[8103] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[8104] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[8105] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=NP5222 nmod
level0[8106] :PRON PRON ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 case
level0[8107] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP7222 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[8108] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCPGP2 ChunkId=NP7GP2 cc
level0[8109] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP8GP2 ChunkId=NP8GP2 amod
level0[8110] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP8GP2 ChunkId=NP7GP2 case
level0[8111] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9GP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 compound
level0[8112] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=VGF1P2 cc
level0[8113] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK222 ChunkId=VGF1P2 punct
level0[8114] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 nmod
level0[8115] :PRON VERB ChunkId=RBP222 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[8116] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP422 ChunkId=NP1122 cc
level0[8117] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=NP1322 case
level0[8118] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1422 ChunkId=VGF422 dobj
level0[8119] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP3422 conj
level0[8120] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP3422 case
level0[8121] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGF222 advmod
level0[8122] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=NP9F22 dep
level0[8123] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP9222 cc
level0[8124] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP9222 conj
level0[8125] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=NP9222 case
level0[8126] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 dep
level0[8127] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[8128] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP7222 cc
level0[8129] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP7222 case
level0[8130] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9F22 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[8131] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NP4N22 nsubj
level0[8132] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 case
level0[8133] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2N22 ChunkId=VGFN22 nmod
level0[8134] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8322 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[8135] :PART AUX ChunkId=VGNF22 ChunkId=VGNF22 dep
level0[8136] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[8137] :PUNCT ADJ ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=NP9N22 punct
level0[8138] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP9N22 ChunkId=NP9N22 compound
level0[8139] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP5222 nmod
level0[8140] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=JJP222 nsubj
level0[8141] :PRON PROPN ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP7222 nmod
level0[8142] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=FRAGP2 ChunkId=NP5222 dislocated
level0[8143] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8GP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 compound
level0[8144] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP9FP2 ChunkId=NP9FP2 nmod
level0[8145] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGNNP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 neg
level0[8146] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPNP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 mark
level0[8147] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPPNP2 ChunkId=NPPNP2 case
level0[8148] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=NP2NP2 compound
level0[8149] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP73P2 ChunkId=NP73P2 det
level0[8150] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP23P2 ChunkId=NP23P2 nmod
level0[8151] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=JJP3P2 ChunkId=NP33P2 amod
level0[8152] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP43P2 ChunkId=NP43P2 nummod
level0[8153] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP53P2 ChunkId=NP53P2 det
level0[8154] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP63P2 ChunkId=NP63P2 det
level0[8155] :PART ADP ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 dep
level0[8156] :NOUN ADJ ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=JJP2P2 nsubj
level0[8157] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP23P2 ChunkId=JJP3P2 advmod
level0[8158] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP33P2 ChunkId=NP33P2 compound
level0[8159] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP53P2 ChunkId=NP53P2 compound
level0[8160] :PART NUM ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 dep
level0[8161] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 dobj
level0[8162] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 case
level0[8163] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 dep
level0[8164] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 nmod
level0[8165] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 dobj
level0[8166] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[8167] :ADV ADV ChunkId=RBPNP2 ChunkId=RBPNP2 nsubj
level0[8168] :PART ADV ChunkId=RBPNP2 ChunkId=RBPNP2 dep
level0[8169] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP5NP2 ChunkId=JJPNP2 advmod
level0[8170] :NUM PROPN ChunkId=NP6NP2 ChunkId=NP6NP2 nummod
level0[8171] :ADJ PROPN ChunkId=NP6NP2 ChunkId=NP6NP2 amod
level0[8172] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 nsubj
level0[8173] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=NP5FP2 dep
level0[8174] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=NP9FP2 vocative
level0[8175] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6FP2 ChunkId=NP9FP2 nsubj
level0[8176] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP8FP2 ChunkId=NP9FP2 nmod
level0[8177] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF2P2 ChunkId=NP9FP2 cop
level0[8178] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 dobj
level0[8179] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJP2P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 advmod
level0[8180] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 dobj
level0[8181] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP43P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 nsubj
level0[8182] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP53P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 nmod
level0[8183] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP63P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 compound
level0[8184] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP3P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 advmod
level0[8185] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPNNP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[8186] :PART DET ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=NPK2P2 dep
level0[8187] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3FP2 ChunkId=NP4FP2 nmod
level0[8188] :NOUN PROPN ChunkId=NP6FP2 ChunkId=NP7FP2 nmod
level0[8189] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKFP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nsubj
level0[8190] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2FP2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 dobj
level0[8191] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=NP4NP2 dep
level0[8192] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPNP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 compound
level0[8193] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPPNP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nsubj
level0[8194] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 nmod
level0[8195] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 nsubj
level0[8196] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP3NP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 nmod
level0[8197] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJPNP2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 compound
level0[8198] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4FP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 iobj
level0[8199] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPFP2 ChunkId=VGFFP2 mark
level0[8200] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5FP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[8201] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP62P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 nmod
level0[8202] :PART ADV ChunkId=RBP3P2 ChunkId=RBP3P2 dep
level0[8203] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NPP3P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 nsubj
level0[8204] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP33P2 ChunkId=VGF3P2 nmod
level0[8205] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP43P2 ChunkId=NP53P2 nmod
level0[8206] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP63P2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 dobj
level0[8207] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP2P2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 advmod
level0[8208] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP32P2 case
level0[8209] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK2P2 ChunkId=VGNNP2 nsubj
level0[8210] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2NP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nsubj
level0[8211] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4NP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 nmod
level0[8212] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPKNP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 dobj
level0[8213] :CONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPNP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 cc
level0[8214] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NPPNP2 ChunkId=NPPNP2 compound
level0[8215] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP3NP2 cc
level0[8216] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP42P2 ChunkId=NP3NP2 case
level0[8217] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP22P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 mark
level0[8218] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP32P2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 compound
level0[8219] :CONJ PRON ChunkId=CCP2P2 ChunkId=NP22P2 cc
level0[8220] :PART VERB ChunkId=VGFNP2 ChunkId=VGFNP2 dep
level0[8221] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP7NP2 ChunkId=VGF2P2 nsubj
level0[8222] :DET VERB ChunkId=JJP2P2 ChunkId=VGNFP2 nmod
level0[8223] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NPNFP2 ChunkId=NP2FP2 nmod
level0[8224] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NP3F22 ChunkId=JJP222 nsubj
level0[8225] :NOUN ADV ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 dep
level0[8226] :PUNCT ADV ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 punct
level0[8227] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP3222 ChunkId=NP3222 case
level0[8228] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=JJP222 punct
level0[8229] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGNN22 nmod
level0[8230] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=JJP222 nmod
level0[8231] :SCONJ PRON ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP4F22 mark
level0[8232] :PART ADJ ChunkId=JJP222 ChunkId=JJP222 dep
level0[8233] :CONJ PRON ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP4F22 cc
level0[8234] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 nmod
level0[8235] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGF322 dobj
level0[8236] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7322 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[8237] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 nmod
level0[8238] :ADP ADV ChunkId=RBPN22 ChunkId=RBPN22 case
level0[8239] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=NPKF22 ChunkId=NPKF22 punct
level0[8240] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2F22 ChunkId=VGFN22 iobj
level0[8241] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=JJPF22 ChunkId=JJPF22 compound
level0[8242] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=VGF322 iobj
level0[8243] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[8244] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP3322 conj
level0[8245] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=VGF322 dobj
level0[8246] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP322 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
level0[8247] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGNF22 ChunkId=NP6F22 acl
level0[8248] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP5222 case
level0[8249] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=NP1222 dep
level0[8250] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=VGF222 iobj
level0[8251] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP3322 dep
level0[8252] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=NP5322 case
level0[8253] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[8254] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=NP1222 dep
level0[8255] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=VGF322 dobj
level0[8256] :ADV VERB ChunkId=RBP322 ChunkId=VGNF22 advmod
level0[8257] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=NP3F22 conj
level0[8258] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=VGF242 mark
level0[8259] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=NP7F22 conj
level0[8260] :ADP ADV ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP9222 case
level0[8261] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1132 ChunkId=VGF242 dobj
level0[8262] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGNF42 ChunkId=NP1242 acl
level0[8263] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP1242 ChunkId=NP1242 compound
level0[8264] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1242 ChunkId=NP1242 case
level0[8265] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP1342 ChunkId=NP1342 compound
level0[8266] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NP1342 ChunkId=NP1342 case
level0[8267] :PUNCT VERB ChunkId=BLK242 ChunkId=VGFF22 punct
level0[8268] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP2242 ChunkId=NP2242 dep
level0[8269] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP3242 ChunkId=NP3242 case
level0[8270] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP4242 ChunkId=NP4242 dep
level0[8271] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP5242 ChunkId=NP5242 case
level0[8272] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP5242 ChunkId=NP5242 case
level0[8273] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP6242 ChunkId=NP6242 case
level0[8274] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP7242 ChunkId=NP7242 amod
level0[8275] :PART NUM ChunkId=NPK242 ChunkId=NPK242 dep
level0[8276] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NPK242 ChunkId=NPK242 amod
level0[8277] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP6F42 ChunkId=NP6F42 det
level0[8278] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP7F42 ChunkId=NP7F42 nummod
level0[8279] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP8F42 ChunkId=NP8F42 nummod
level0[8280] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP8F42 ChunkId=NP8F42 det
level0[8281] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP3242 ChunkId=NP3242 nummod
level0[8282] :SCONJ VERB ChunkId=CCP242 ChunkId=VGFN22 mark
level0[8283] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NPP242 ChunkId=NPP242 dep
level0[8284] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NP2N42 ChunkId=NP2N42 nummod
level0[8285] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=CCP242 ChunkId=NP3N42 cc
level0[8286] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4242 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[8287] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 nsubj
level0[8288] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP5F22 ChunkId=NP5F22 nsubj
level0[8289] :NUM NUM ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 mark
level0[8290] :ADP NUM ChunkId=NP6N22 ChunkId=NP6N22 case
level0[8291] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP8N22 ChunkId=NP8N22 dep
level0[8292] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP4222 ChunkId=NP4222 case
level0[8293] :AUX VERB ChunkId=VGNF32 ChunkId=VGNF32 auxpass
level0[8294] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP232 ChunkId=NP6F32 cc
level0[8295] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGNF32 dobj
level0[8296] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP3232 ChunkId=NP3232 dep
level0[8297] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NP6232 ChunkId=NP6232 dep
level0[8298] :NOUN NOUN ChunkId=NP7232 ChunkId=NP7232 compound
level0[8299] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8232 ChunkId=VGF232 compound
level0[8300] :PART SCONJ ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=CCP332 dep
level0[8301] :CONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCP332 ChunkId=NP5332 cc
level0[8302] :NUM NOUN ChunkId=NPP332 ChunkId=NPP332 nummod
level0[8303] :ADP NOUN ChunkId=NPP332 ChunkId=NPP332 case
level0[8304] :ADJ NOUN ChunkId=NP4332 ChunkId=NP4332 amod
level0[8305] :VERB NOUN ChunkId=VGF332 ChunkId=NP5332 cop
level0[8306] :PUNCT NOUN ChunkId=BLK332 ChunkId=NP5332 punct
level0[8307] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP7F32 ChunkId=NP7F32 dep
level0[8308] :PART PRON ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=NP8F22 dep
level0[8309] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[8310] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1322 ChunkId=VGF222 acl
level0[8311] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1422 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[8312] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP1722 ChunkId=NP1722 det
level0[8313] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP1722 ChunkId=NP1722 dep
level0[8314] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP1822 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[8315] :ADP PRON ChunkId=NP1922 ChunkId=NP1922 case
level0[8316] :DET NOUN ChunkId=NP3422 ChunkId=NP3422 det
level0[8317] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4422 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[8318] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=NP9222 nmod
level0[8319] :PART SCONJ ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=CCP222 dep
level0[8320] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[8321] :DET DET ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 case
level0[8322] :SCONJ ADV ChunkId=CCPN22 ChunkId=NP4N22 mark
level0[8323] :VERB ADV ChunkId=VGF222 ChunkId=NP4N22 cop
level0[8324] :CONJ ADV ChunkId=CCP222 ChunkId=NP4N22 cc
level0[8325] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP5222 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[8326] :PART NOUN ChunkId=NP2422 ChunkId=NP2422 dep
level0[8327] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=VGNF22 dobj
level0[8328] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=VGF222 acl
level0[8329] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP8F22 ChunkId=VGF222 compound
level0[8330] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[8331] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP3322 conj
level0[8332] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP4322 ChunkId=NP3322 case
level0[8333] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP9322 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[8334] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=VGFN22 nsubj
level0[8335] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP3N22 ChunkId=NP3N22 mark
level0[8336] :ADJ ADJ ChunkId=NP6222 ChunkId=NP6222 case
level0[8337] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NP8222 ChunkId=VGF322 nsubj
level0[8338] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP9222 ChunkId=VGF322 compound
level0[8339] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=NP6322 nmod
level0[8340] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP4N22 ChunkId=NP4N22 case
level0[8341] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1222 ChunkId=VGF222 dobj
level0[8342] :DET PROPN ChunkId=NPK222 ChunkId=NPK222 det
level0[8343] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP6F22 ChunkId=NP6F22 advcl
level0[8344] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NPF222 ChunkId=NPF222 case
level0[8345] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7N22 ChunkId=NP7N22 case
level0[8346] :PROPN NOUN ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP7F22 nsubj
level0[8347] :PROPN VERB ChunkId=NPPF22 ChunkId=VGF222 nsubj
level0[8348] :CONJ PROPN ChunkId=CCP322 ChunkId=NP2222 cc
level0[8349] :PROPN PROPN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP2222 conj
level0[8350] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP3322 ChunkId=NP2222 case
level0[8351] :ADV VERB ChunkId=NP6322 ChunkId=VGF322 nmod
level0[8352] :PROPN ADJ ChunkId=NPK322 ChunkId=JJP322 nsubj
level0[8353] :PRON ADJ ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=JJP322 dobj
level0[8354] :ADV ADJ ChunkId=RBP322 ChunkId=JJP322 advmod
level0[8355] :ADP PROPN ChunkId=NP2322 ChunkId=NPK322 case
level0[8356] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP5322 ChunkId=VGF222 nmod
level0[8357] :ADP ADP ChunkId=NP5N22 ChunkId=NP5N22 case
level0[8358] :PRON PRON ChunkId=NP2222 ChunkId=NP2222 case
level0[8359] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP7F22 ChunkId=NP7F22 dep
level0[8360] :SCONJ NOUN ChunkId=CCPF22 ChunkId=NP7N22 mark
level0[8361] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP4F22 ChunkId=VGNN22 dobj
level0[8362] :PRON VERB ChunkId=NP1022 ChunkId=VGF122 iobj
level0[8363] :ADJ VERB ChunkId=JJP022 ChunkId=VGF122 dobj
level0[8364] :PART PROPN ChunkId=NPP122 ChunkId=NPP122 dep
level0[8365] :PRON NOUN ChunkId=NP2122 ChunkId=NP3122 nmod
level0[8366] :NOUN VERB ChunkId=NP5122 ChunkId=VGNF22 nmod
